My nephew is looking for small white shoes.
How much for terapon fish?
What are you looking for in our world?
We cooked the breakfast.
She will eat squash to have beautiful skin.
Sleep early because we'll go somewhere tomorrow.
In school.
I want to go to the beach.
The pumpkin is exceptional.
My father is looking for a small brown pajama.
She put bagoong in his kare-kare.
are you up to anything this evening?
The mango is colorful.
He should have drunk milk!
I'm not particularly thirsty right now.
She slept in our room.
Is there any discount for the chayote?
Only time will tell if he was right.
Mutation Genetic traits are multiplied by mutation.
how much do forty bottle gourd cost?
Come with him.
Some elephants lost interest in basketball.
My mother is looking for a medium violet bag.
From 1:00 PM to 7:00 AM.
I saw your older brother yesterday.
I swept the floor.
The lilac is bitter.
He felt better a while ago.
Nick wanted to be a singer.
He is alive.
Recent studies have confirmed important examples of mortgage changes that can not be explained by changes in the nucleotide nucleotide sequence in DNA.
I drank water.
They are chopping. the apples.
It's supposed to snow tomorrow.
I'd like to buy flounder.
i always fall down.
Tom can't cook very well.
Tom is particular about what he eats.
The frog's sword cuts through the big demon.
We ate together.
Can i ask for a discount for the snail?
The moth can't change the way the dog is.
They said that the doctor will come from Italy.
There are fruits that sister bought in the refridgerator.
I want to buy two jackfruit.
I like to buy seven big sweet potatoes.
You cooked snack.
Come with them.
You just chopped vegetables.
My sister is looking for small cyan shoes.
Cook beef stew.
Long ago, the heavens and the earth split from one another.
I like to buy three small lemons.
I am going to the canteen in front.
Count faster.
She consulted a doctor in China.
Can you cook dinner?
It rained really hard last October 20.
But I escaped from her and am now the Ruler of my people.
I blame the system.
The puppies hate floorball.
They gained weight due to their stay in Germany.
The present is infallible when youre seven.
December 10 is Tuesday.
The ingredients are ready.
He will write a book until September 15.
The forest is very thick.
Of course.
The balloon was filled with air.
Do you find Ester beautiful?
Is this fresh sugar apple?
How many pieces of ribbed gourd?
the clouds.
How many minutes everyday do you spend on reading books?
He will sell his guitar on November 5.
What do you associate with summer?
I'd challenged that idiot right here.
I feel that something is wrong.
The tamarind is spicy.
Turtles can live in water.
The toilets are dirty.
I just got here.
Mary is not used to being made fun of.
You turn off the television.
Almost everyone here can speak French.
Only 47 left.
The tiger has eight helmets.
I want to be a dancer.
Drink your milk.
I moved beside her.
They fought last December 13 because of money.
If the selection is favoring one of the two mutations but there is no additional benefit to having these two mutations, the mutation occurs often is likely to be fixed to a population.
San Marcellino to San Narciso Diversion Road is a few kilometers shorter than passing thru San Antonio.
Two detectives followed the suspect.
There is no discount for the needle fish?
Lunch was takeout from the Kung Fu fast-food restaurant.
Managers typically coordinate the activities of employees.
This extension is called "eco-evo-devo".
Let's meet on the same time and place next month.
Iridium is one of the rarest elements.
We will drink her sarsi.
I want to buy more nuts.
If November 25 is Saturday,.
I?╟╓d like to buy broom.
She said that the doctor will come from China.
These equipment were sold to us at a discount.
His father asked him to go to Japan to consult a doctor.
Where is the ruler supposed to be locatef?
Do you find Ester's eyes beautiful?
My father is looking for medium blue shoes.
At 1:00 PM, there are seven soccer at the nearest shopping mall.
which are asleep.
Your look like a professional in glasses.
Be careful because willow is now ablaze.
I'd like to buy indo-pacific tarpon.
Fifteen kilograms.
When is the right time to drink water?
how much do fourteen legumes cost?
He is not studying.
My brother is looking for small magenta shorts.
Brush your teeth after eating.
I'd like to buy lanzones.
I think Tom did this.
We'll reimburse you in installments.
She will be chopping the apples.
They searched for a hospital.
I want to sell three sardines.
He's planning to buy a bed before September 6.
Can you accompany me to the library?
How much is that?
Is there a place out here in Los Angeles for coworking space?
At 6:00 PM, there are thirteen wool at the next bus station.
Let's grab dinner after work.
My niece is looking for large white pants.
They are boiling egg.
The cat is eating our food.
I have cough for seven days.
The melon is fragrant.
October 22 is the day of his death.
Put your lips on mine.
how much do seven garlic cost?
The pumpkin is green.
Where should the ballpens be kept?
The eggplant is orange.
You just bought dinner.
I don't like the taste of coconut vodka.
how much do forty crab cost?
I was in tears.
She haven't finished her dinner yet.
They ate cheap meats.
The eggplant is delicious.
Who knows what the real Africa is.
That car over there is mine.
He is the child of the famous professor.
The worm do my homework after school.
I like to buy six big string beans.
My go-to place when I want to be alone is library.
Is there any discount for the asiatic yam?
There are spirit bees outside the forest.
Science and Technology.
He sold fruits.
how much do eight crab cost?
Where did you learn that?
I want to pursue my dream.
You cooked breakfast?
the price of onion is getting cheaper.
Youll get to know places and people that maybe you have disregarded before.
She got messages from influential people.
The onion is special.
You will eat pepper.
I am out of paper for the printer.
I shouldn't complain.
My mom told me that I might get lost.
Did you give me a clue?
I live in Armenia.
You're too straightforward.
My nephew is looking for a large white sweater.
The brownie was eaten by her.
There was a time when I could have done it.
But the echoes of the past dont make it easy.
Can you accompany me to the beach?
I'll see you tomorrow morning.
Are they frying pork?
He will prepare vegetables.
She fried chicken.
I found it easy to answer the question.
Salt water is a great conductor of electricity.
We will grill the milkfish.
I will cook lunch.
Dogs are cute.
Well, come along now, quick, quick!
how much does a kilo of onion cost?
You are my hero.
Now he knew what a chicken she was.
He is buying breakfast.
Eric has been surfing the Internet for two hours.
Eat with us.
My niece is looking for medium green shoes.
I ate his chocolate.
My uncle is looking for medium brown clothes.
He earns three times as much as I do.
He laughed.
The doctor advised him to eat eggplant.
The winter melon is heavy.
Their voices are low.
All those computers are broken.
The snail was very hungry.
The crocodiles have enough capital to build a second factory.
She always feeds her child with mango to have a strong immune system.
She cannot feel.
I get off of work at 6.
Please open your book to page five.
We just drank liquors.
Another chicken is possessed by the card.
The teacher is strict on submissions.
war against the believers and the saints.
Introduce yourself to them.
Write in the date yourself.
September 15 is Tuesday.
What's your favorite color?
The first chair on the left is broken.
October seven is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Is there any discount for the sea grape seaweed?
Many have told me that, but I am actually that type.
She eats pomelo to strengthen his immune system.
She will be briefed by the different directors.
Our nurse is there.
And standing outside in the dying twilight, surrounded by miles of bush, in the middle of one of the last great untouched spaces left on the continent, I knew exactly what Shaun meant.
You can't find sunshine in the middle of rain.
I cannot reach those.
how much do seventy onion cost?
We don't have luxury of time to finish this project.
Is this fresh sea cucumber?
Originally from Staten Island, New York, John Julius Reel has lived the last eleven years in Seville, Spain.
The sesame is hard.
She is counting.
How much is this?
They cry every day.
My nephew is looking for small cyan clothes.
Fix this.
This first computer is broken!
He started playing football when he was 9 years old.
We will boil egg.
Instead, speciation results from the evolution of mechanisms that minimize the flow of the gene between the two populations.
Her father asked her to go to England to consult a doctor.
The dog became deaf due to the huge explosion.
He will grill the tilapia.
Cellular biology evaluates the basic panther block of all living cells.
I've been mugged before.
She consulted a doctor in Egypt.
I remember the day you were born very well.
Leave your umbrella at the front door.
I think Tom did that.
The puppies ate lunch at a small restaurant.
The corn is sticky.
You're such a cheater!
He listened for a minute and then his tone was sharp.
The Lord will descend.
I wasn't here a moment ago.
The cashew is bland.
You are eating fruits.
One of the places we went to in Baguio is the Burnham Park where we walked around for a few hours.
The lime is sour.
You also have to pay for your gas, and the credit card fees, and MTA surcharges.
Let?╟╓s meet on December 20.
The strawberry is heavy.
There are people who put black pepper in all of their food.
Most of the newcomers are employed to developing new technology.
I like to buy ten small gingers.
He said that the drug came from France.
He couldn't bear anyone getting ahead of him.
The soup is on the table.
how much do seventy black plum cost?
Sorry, we don't have any.
He has strong teeth.
i am annoyed by people for coming late.
Why don't you walk with me properly?
He will go here on November 1.
He is becoming healthy by eating star apple.
Sexual reproduction and recombination In asexual organisms, all genes are inherited only to a parent because it can not mix genes of other organisms during asexual reproduction.
That person's skin is smooth.
Pastor Jimenez: We have to understand that.
When you lose, learn to accept.
The rose is a type of flower.
Do you still have peanut butter?
Do you play any sports?
We injured her.
I want to buy five durian.
The taro is appropriate.
The children were swimming in the nude.
From where is this mung bean sprouts?
The centipede lives in a pipe.
You can cook the beef.
You ate the breads.
Many believe that the snake is sad.
My sister is looking for a large green pajama.
Tom joined a car race at Boracay.
A few weeks have already passed.
The puppy smoked one.
The carabao lost.
They complained about the wrong teachings of the teacher.
Water your plants.
Idiot!
I have food.
Cats do not cry.
I showed him the way.
The moon is bright.
I like to buy ten small shirts.
The taro is dead.
Tom only eats lean meats and vegetables.
He did not receive my submission.
You are selling cupcakes.
Motion Because of the very little bacteria, they can easily be transported to distant distances through water or air.
Are you going to the cinema later at 8:00 PM.
You had all of our keys.
Until then, everything is still up in the air.
I like to buy three big star apples.
I have not seen him.
He left the doctor.
What do you like most, pineapple or mango?
They have lost 4 million worth of revenue to pirates.
Please cook the adobo.
September 21 is Thursday.
The viand is not hot.
He is grinding the peppers.
That bear is larger than me.
I still like to do that sometimes.
Can you cook the breakfast?
Thinly slice cabbage.
Max is laughing.
I believe in you.
Is this fresh water chestnut?
It was surprising that she said that.
We are planning now.
February twenty is the date today.
The taro is illegal.
The oregano is ripe.
Do you want popcorn?
Are the chairs in the middle broken?
Cambuhawe is in the heart of the Cebuanos.
Cheating is not allowed.
Sit down beside her.
I really wanted to see Tom.
My uncle is looking for medium white shoes.
I am in the habit of taking a shower in the morning.
Her assistant will be entering politics soon.
How did he get my office key?
17th day of July.
Did it rain last September 10.
She said that the drug came from Egypt.
I want to sell more luffa.
By what authority do you order me to do this?
Throw at the ball.
I have a toothache.
He is content with his present state.
how much do two apple cost?
Did we buy breakfast?
You can find fresh ingredients in the supermarket.
That person is looking for a masseuse.
I like to buy eight small cucumbers.
It's already 7:00.
Most rabbits wants to find new places.
My mother is looking for large pink clothes.
My sister is looking for medium black pants.
The lettuce is weird.
It was the best time of the year for the chase.
Magazines about the industry talk about people and companies.
Just grab it.
I woke you up.
The taro is raw.
It tastes just right.
I'll see you later at home.
She went around taking pictures of animals.
I want to buy less jackfruit.
You can screw up your life down here.
Its about the individual creating the image, and the voice that speaks from the work.
That fourth computer is broken!
How many pieces of chayote?
Could we meet at three instead?
My firend can't let the girl out of his sight.
Drink milk.
The eagle had to pay no less than 1.
The school has lots of weapons.
Can you get the celery?
You should be drinking milk now.
my short height.
March twenty is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
They might feel sick.
It's too early for lunch.
The bee is tired.
The big fish helps the fish.
How does your opinion differ from his?
There was something written at the back.
October 5 will be Sunday because.
The group is still not complete.
You are just going to copy my answers.
These are delicious.
Do you know her?
I prayed.
She has pain in her knees.
My father received a letter.
The eggplant is holy.
The jackfruit is spicy.
Some ducks are amused.
These buns are soft.
The chili is white.
I lost my thirty-nine mussels at 1:00 AM.
She said that the doctor came from England.
He is entering the clinic.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Belgium.
The situation is extremely critical.
You just made cheeses.
There is no discount for the lechon sauce?
I already washed the plates.
He haven't finished his supper yet.
Some dogs feel the need to play.
Have you tried balut in the Philippines?
The potato chips that you gave is too salty.
I don't particularly want to do that.
A round of applause!
The cucumber is natural.
He is donating blood.
how much do two pineapple cost?
The starfruit is expensive.
I rinsed the ingredients.
A dish that can be bought by fourty pesos is very cheap.
You are a saint.
Have you ever gone to see a horse race?
They said that the drug will come from England.
You are not coming.
It's not important.
I have a bruise on my leg.
I skipped my lunch.
He needed to undergo operation on his eyes.
Take breaks and stay hydrated.
I also love to cook.
Is October 27 Friday.
Noon of December 16.
Having gratitude the quality of being thankful; a readiness to show appreciation for and to return kindness is another way people of all cultures cultivate happiness.
She is on her way to my doctor.
malay apple is not that cheap.
From where is this green bean?
I need to study math.
How many pieces of bamboo shoot?
Fry his nuggets in bubbling oil.
It's hard to say.
The flies heard they caught the dog's killer.
He got chewed up by tsetse flies.
I chopped vegetables.
My grandfather takes eleven medicines every morning.
September 25 will be Sunday because.
I'm going to adopt her as soon as Julie and I get married.
I seldom hear from him.
The rabbit is a zombie.
Please cook the fish.
She eats jackfruit to strengthen his bones.
I know more than you do.
Central Luzon had the highest number of applicants.
The pineapple is illegal.
How many pieces of yellowtail scad?
how much do fourteen apple cost?
I like to buy four small chayotes.
We saw many people in the forest.
The village is safe from evil scorpions.
Allen stared at her for a minute, as though confused.
My mother's going to the dentist tomorrow.
Can you get the sugarcane?
The puppy's ball has no holes.
We do not have all day!
I do not have pencils.
I want to speak with him.
Sushi is remade as burritos.
twenrty-fifth.
She drives a car.
My mother is looking for a small magenta shirt.
How much is one kilo of this?
That third table on the left is broken!
My brother is looking for large magenta shoes.
I like to buy four big melons.
why I wanted to just explain to you in a nutshell.
They are eating the ingredients.
The cellphone was in her bag.
Tom wanted Mary to come home early.
They went out to eat.
They will drink their cocktail.
when the sun and moon are darkened the Bible.
We left Boston at 2:30 yesterday.
The oleander is cold.
Ducks are beautiful.
She said that this is good for your skin disease.
Will you cook beef?
The plane had left by the time I got to the airport.
I am getting tired.
The mung bean is exceptional.
From 8:30 PM to 10:00 AM.
He always feeds his child with guava to have a strong immune system.
Her mind is ready.
I saw the rope at the ceiling tied.
She said that the doctor came from Italy.
There's still a lot of food at home.
The carabao is sad to lose.
(Matthew 24:22) And except those days should.
It's due to the lack of oxygen.
Do not reply.
The wind is blowing ominously.
My niece is looking for a medium red sweater.
October 14 is the day of his death.
There was one corpse.
I want to buy less garlic.
You're a true poet.
I frequently swim on the river when I was a child.
If it's not yet December 22,.
My brother is looking for medium black shoes.
My stomach is giving up on me.
The sesame is thirsty.
I met new friends.
I only eat meat from animals that I have personally killed and butchered.
I was at a dim sum restaurant in Hong Kong with a very confused look on my face.
Is it real?
Is there any discount for the chickpea?
The magical bears win.
The weak fishes seek help.
I hope you have some coins in your pocket.
After a few hours of limited rest, they were back at it again.
The valley is easily flooded.
Let's stand up.
If you die in the game.
March eleven is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
They only interact with the environments they prefer and do not interact with flies that are different to the environment they prefer.
They deal in rice at that store.
My elder brother takes five medicines every morning.
It rained really hard last October 16.
The mosquito left you a message at the front desk.
The two ladies smiled at each other.
She didn't eat the lengua.
I want to eat a lot of things.
He took her weight.
All of the students were present.
how much does one billion fish cost?
Dogs are expensive to take care of.
how time does fly?
Is there any discount for the nappa cabbage?
What he said would happen has happened.
We have a kanji dictation test today.
The tamarind is salty.
Can I cook the snack?
My niece is looking for a small orange shirt.
They pulled a muscle.
September 7 will be Sunday because.
You can cook vegetables.
Where is the eraser?
I have already drunk coffee.
That is what I do.
The horse gains a lot of followers.
I'd like to reserve a table for three.
Do I need to make this light up?
How much for spanish mackerel?
How many pieces of salt bread?
Come now, deal!
The whales talked over a cup of coffee.
how much is ten kilos of octopus?
The lion roars.
I leave on Sunday.
The water spirit is a ant.
Festival will only last until October 25.
Please cook the pork.
how much does a thousand luffa cost?
Salt is part of the trinity of ramen types.
October nineteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Am I frying egg?
They lost again.
Her parents asked her to go to Germany to consult a doctor.
We have a lot of biscuits.
I want to bathe with you in the sea.
how much does one cabbage cost?
Most people think that it is hard to stick to weight-loss goals during weekends.
Maybe that ushers in the mark of the beast.
I received her letter the other day.
The deer looks at the deer's body.
Who is that?
I wonder why he did that.
Tom got dressed quickly.
He was sad when I told him I can't pick him up from school anymore.
I wish you good luck.
I am prohibited to drink coffee.
Don't be stingy at such an important moment.
He draws on the descendant of the descendant and after the genetic propagation of an evolutionary tree in which "foolish breach of an animal is higher than the rest" that casts on independent lineages leading to higher Lamarck's form of overwork, illness, and marriage While composing his intense study of transmutation, Darwin is immersed in more work.
His mother is asking him to go to Greece to consult a doctor.
I like to buy two big potatoes.
When do you close?
Do you want to ride on my horse?
My father drives a Toyota.
The crocodile is ashamed of my poor English.
October 12 is Tuesday.
I had no trouble finding his office.
Several Filipinos flocked to the job fairs on Labor Day.
They need to stop eating.
The restroom is clean.
I am already hungry.
I don't remember where I put my key.
You can boil the egg for nineteen minutes.
We looked at the sky, but couldn't see any stars.
The ginger is fragrant.
I go home early every day.
Minnesota's state bird is the mosquito.
My mother is looking for a large orange bag.
My brother is looking for small green clothes.
We have been sliced breads.
Tom admitted that he was no match for Mary in golf.
He said that the illegal drug will come from Egypt.
He is wandering around in a trance.
Hurry up or you'll be late!
Only a few vehicles enter Halsema road.
Vinegar can also be used as a condiment.
How many hours a week do you work?
You are eating a bread.
Onions make you cry.
The swans love floorball.
Will they cook dinner?
My niece is looking for small orange pants.
the price of fish is getting cheaper.
13th day of May.
Did you seek help from a professional?
Am I buying breakfast?
How much for spinefoot fish?
Make me sad.
That middle table in the middle is broken!
how much is seven kilos of strawberry?
The rats despise linguistic diversity.
He is coming with you.
He had a sense of not having been fair to Leonor.
Why are you so happy?
She said that the illegal drug is coming from China.
Why are you leaving?
Did you prepare the ingredients of the dish?
to have a death warrant on them.
Does someone send you something?
The carabao's bike was fast.
I did not know.
That first table in the middle is broken.
Where is the bus stop?
I wish tomorrow will be December 3.
Make this sentence a little shorter.
He needed to undergo operation on his lung.
October 24 is Tuesday.
The wolves want to talk about religion.
You should realize that you are the reason for this study session.
It is as if the whole sky were on fire.
He came down to breakfast.
It is not allowed to take out the equipment from the laboratory.
I carefully explained my situation to a cluster of petite Burmese women behind the desk.
It's more fun in Indonesia.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Canada.
I will go to Japanese class tomorrow.
Call us tomorrow.
I've always wanted to climb Mt. Fuji.
That bear's arm is slowly moving towards you.
Lunch is cooked already.
My aunt is looking for a large black sweater.
I took my temperature every six hours.
We should take notes on what we can improve on as a company.
It's more fun in El Salvador.
I can't speak for the rest.
Only seven passed the exam.
The soursop is thick.
You are frying the fish.
Every year my temple youth group takes all its freshmen on a special trip to Cincinnati, as part of their confirmation in the Jewish faith.
We'll give him instructions beforehand.
The fourth chair is vacant.
I can't get the door to shut properly.
I like to buy six big carrots.
I heard KD shout.
At the moment, I have no plans to travel.
Good afternoon madame.
I will fight for you forever.
The hibiscus is expensive.
He sleeps in her room.
Water the plants.
Why there's no answer yet?
He should do even better.
Do you still have star anise?
Accountants work 44 hours a week.
Do you want some rocks?
We need treatment.
The pigs try and figure out who killed the pig.
If it's not yet November 21,.
I do that once a week.
How much for ribs?
How much for mudfish?
Please cook rice.
His love is slowly fading.
I'd like to buy spiny lobster.
He added the backing to the post and spoke to the woman, who translated.
I owe my friend.
I used to sing in a band.
She gave him a cast.
You ate breads?
how much does one melon cost?
He ran from the building.
Lend me your pencil and eraser.
The baby deer electrocutes the other deer.
It looks nice.
The second chair in the middle is broken.
how much is six kilos of bitter gourd?
The spirit bee uses fire attacks.
Why didn't she come yesterday?
She studied public health.
Might I ask you a personal question?
I know we're a little early.
how much do fifteen squash cost?
What is the capital of Haiti?
Native blackberries are delicious.
Few drops of oil.
The child went to school.
Will he buy supper?
Where should the eraser be?
I saw her today.
are you selling meat?
He promised me.
The divorce rate is expected to rise.
The cucumber is wet.
They said that the illegal drug came from the United States.
The sweet potato is expensive.
how much do fourteen melon cost?
Morning of December 3.
Sorry, I've got to go.
She crashed her car.
What is the good of having a car if you don't drive?
I think there is something wrong with what we are doing.
Is there any discount for the pumpkin?
She got shorter.
If it's not yet December 3,.
The fitting room is in the left corner.
His eyes darted around the room.
how much is a kilo of soursoup?
I closed the book and went in search of fresh air.
I'll buy you a drink.
We need to accept our differences.
I didn't get his joke.
You just had a holiday.
You will boil pork.
how much do seventy jackfruit cost?
The moth confess at these words a shudder passed through me.
Will I fry hotdog?
Here are 5 tactics to create a healthier work environment.
Can i ask for a discount for the pigweed?
The whale just finished.
The ant told tom to tell you that.
I like to buy six small bitter gourd.
He followed the nurse.
Is the cat on the chair or under the chair?
She is questioning the surgeon.
December 6 will be Sunday because.
Are you going to the next post office later at 7:00 PM.
He now came to his former chief.
You just cooked breakfast.
The lizard felt that he skirted around the most important issues.
The oat is thirsty.
these other traits are hereditary.
My uncle is looking for a medium blue shirt.
You cooked rice.
When would be best?
Tom hates driving on icy roads.
Like the etymoderms and cordata, hemicordata is preceded by the buttocks rather than the mouth.
September 10 is Tuesday.
The lettuce is shiny.
ninth in line.
She is with him now.
The people here kept telling me that I should just keep quiet.
He already took a bath.
Do you want to turn on the TV?
Mary is diligent with cooking, she's always the one cooking lunch.
Please collect the printout and then give it to me.
Emily's dog hangs out under her desk.
She eats jackfruit to have beautiful skin.
Her arms are big.
They broke his ribs.
My dad spent four days on Baguio.
If you are waiting forty-three times in forty-three years,.
These chairs are broken!
If you're already tired, learn to rest and not to quit.
I enjoy reading.
She jogged for 4 minutes.
I can feel that I'm already hungry.
Will they cook beef?
I'll apologize later.
The lice know that you are a teacher.
The fire is slowly dying.
Are those flowers given by my boyfriend?
She wants to go to the hospital.
We will cook supper.
Some students like to study in the mornings.
Well now.
We had a really bumpy night.
My teachers are intelligent.
The goat has enemies.
I have to think.
The rat used to be very good at that.
The handwriting of my teacher is good.
Some birds are not afraid to die.
His son visited me.
how much do fourteen garlic cost?
Must I help?
She accused him of stealing her car.
Can i ask for a discount for the hot dog?
The watermelon is white.
He's planning to buy a bed before October 30.
How close?
How many pieces of chinese cabbage?
The year beginning with younger hope than ever!
His siblings asked him to go to Japan to consult a doctor.
She will eat star apple for faster recovery.
Swayzes death was interrupted by Michael Jacksons.
He handed the change.
Could you tell me how I can get to the city?
Our doctors are leaving to work in China.
I wish tomorrow will be December 19.
Please cook the breakfast.
I won't let you down.
No classes tomorrow.
Their sponsors backed out at the first sign of community backlash.
The strawberry is colorful.
She has infection in her shoulders.
The rat couldn't help staring at her.
We cooked lunch.
I will eat pochero later.
There is a great conflict between religion and science.
I'm scared in the dark.
I ran out of paper yesterday.
The lime is bland.
We will plan.
It's sunny all month long except last September 17.
I very seldom eat lobster.
Bob likes fish.
She will eat jackfruit to have beautiful skin.
I just had breakfast with Tom.
Go to your cleaning areas.
The eggplant is illegal.
Can I come to your office tomorrow?
What you've plated is what you'll harvest.
The coconut is hot.
Eat your spinach.
Cook lunch.
which gave power unto the beast: and they.
I like to buy four big taros.
You are eating a brownie.
But I'm trusting my aim now.
The food was delicious.
Whatever happens, we will still fight.
The news do not know of the killer birds.
The doctor advised her to eat cucumber.
It thinks.
Heat oil in a frying pan.
Who is your sister?
She went to Germany to study medicine.
Do you still have spiced vinegar?
I am cleaning the room.
I like to buy four big bottle gourds.
Even if you turn the world upside-down, destiny will lead us to each other.
Yesterday is my nephew's birthday.
We used to smoke.
She cooked the rice.
Tom grows all the vegetables he eats.
fifty-five.
May eighteen is the date today.
He sold his guitar last November 2.
do you sell stamps?
He brought his hamster with him knowing that pets aren't allowed.
Do you still have wrasse?
Are there any questions?
The oregano is slippery.
You should be drinking milk right now!
If I shoot and bury you, no one would even notice.
I want to buy less pork.
The melon is dusty.
Our pants are loose.
I like to buy four big vegetables.
Do you still have dipper?
He was killed in a railroad accident.
The apple is salty.
My father is looking for small pink clothes.
Tom told us that he had a headache.
I promise I will take it seriously.
My niece is looking for a large yellow pajama.
I want to watch a movie.
The bird's friends do not know of the death of birds.
I must go to work early today.
I wish, too, the Selous Game Reserve was as animal-friendly as it feels, but that would be giving you the beauty of the place without the truth.
How much is this?
There is no discount for the cashew?
How much will one kilo of pork?
There are people who travel around for years until they decide to settle down.
For example, the skin that comes from the interaction between the genotype of a person and the sunlight and therefore the suntans are not passed on to the children of men.
I am grilling milkfish.
I bought it at SM yesterday.
Do you still have pork?
She has used her hands to eat.
He took it out of his pocket.
From where is this bitter gourd?
The mung bean is tasteless.
The rats treated me like a criminal.
It is November 7 when.
Because you're a coward who is scared of the future.
Our throats are sore.
The lychee is artificial.
Cook breakfast.
Can i ask for a discount for the broom?
This is about all I can put up with.
The rose is fresh.
When do you go on holiday?
You set yourself up to lose.
The cheeses are being cut by you.
Tom sometimes plays tennis with Mary.
We celebrated last March 22.
Hardwork and courage is the key to success.
Did it rain last September 14.
Is September 4 Friday.
He is an expert in creating things using his hands.
The weird bird can kill other birds.
We will grill tilapia.
His bag was stolen yesterday.
They said that the drug came from France.
I like to buy nine big squashes.
He tried.
Can I fry the egg?
The grape is soft.
Save me.
I lost my twenty-nine two single beds at 3:00 AM.
Autumn is just around the corner.
Tinapa is fish smoked to be preserved.
You are coming with her.
My uncle is looking for small cyan clothes.
bitter gourd is not that cheap.
Focus is needed when listening to a lecture.
Now we're number 1.
Evolution is slowly occurring: small genetic changes regulated or controlled by natural selection accumulate over long periods.
The police are after me.
Can i ask for a discount for the starapple?
You'll never be alone.
The bat like science fiction better.
Roses are a symbol of love.
Tom had his hair cut yesterday.
Have you finished?
My aunt is looking for large violet shorts.
The match was broadcasted across the world.
I like to buy nine big avocados.
The villain scorpion defends.
The breads are being eaten by them.
I want to eat apple pie.
From 12:30 PM to 11:00 PM.
Thanks for your support.
Around the world there are bicycle clubs for sharks.
Making model planes is his only hobby.
I have colds for nine days.
The lice think the lice understand.
My phone is missing.
Tom listened to me carefully.
Do you want to go to a store?
He has pain in his testicles.
About this time I found out the use of a key.
Serve while hot!
We finished college.
Some farmed tilapia have a muddy taste due to blue algae.
I like to buy eight small jeans.
Is there any discount for the bell pepper?
We're coming to something now.
I like how cocky you are despite having zero expertise.
The wallet of Felix fell on the floor.
Is Ester's posture beautiful?
We're almost closing because it's close to nighttime.
It's sunny all month long except last October 19.
How many more do we still need?
The starfruit is dirty.
Will you buy my peppers?
I asked my classmate.
I am cuting the cheese.
We looked for an ambulance.
I'm jealous that you have a good boss.
It will be November 16 next week.
What kind of food that you think is the least healthy?
They traveled at night so no one would see them.
how much do sixteen onion cost?
I was excited when he first told me the secret.
April twelve is the date today.
I didn't know that he was Japanese.
The lettuce is raw.
How much for cuttlefish?
There are almost no books.
It's sunny all month long except last September 30.
John came to Japan yesterday.
how much do seventy sugar apple cost?
The fruit was eaten by you.
They live in the depths of the ocean.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Bangladesh.
The radish is new.
The cockroach stretches its arms.
I don't eat fruits.
The liquor is being drank by me.
They do give us a deep understanding of everyday things that matters important to people.
Do you drink coffee?
How much for yellowtail scad?
But tomorrow we'll see if it is true.
They passed away.
Such a sequence is determined because fossils are primarily found in sedimentary rocks.
Are they preparing the ingredients of the dish?
The elephant is larger than a house.
The horse is running out of energy.
The rabbit find a letter.
Tom is boiling an egg.
I only have 5 dollars.
Yesterday is November 13.
My aunt is good in cooking breakfast.
You have been sold cupcakes.
I don't understand how he can speak with a cigarette in his mouth.
This is an example, of a vestige because the infiltration of these genes uses energy that makes it a waste of many cases.
What time is their wedding?
You ground the peppers.
It's more fun in Tanzania.
We watched beautiful musicals in Broadway.
You?
That third chair on the right is broken.
are you selling shark?
A quail bird's nest, sir.
We should not have done that.
I don't have butter.
A mile is equal to about 1600 meters.
My uncle is looking for a large magenta watch.
The crocodiles had to abandon their vehicles in the snow.
That fourth chair on the right is broken!
They were sanctioned for violating company policies.
I don't often think about the past.
That smells delicious.
It's been a busy morning.
You prepared the viand.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Iran.
It's different on different days.
They will show what they studied in a competition.
State your true feelings.
The tiger's floorball stick is new.
Best avoid him.
She always eats jackfruit to be healthy.
Your body will get stronger if you eat radish.
My brother is looking for a small yellow sweater.
The blue lines on the map designate rivers.
I won't be able to run.
He'll come at noon.
Tom was in Boston when the war began.
What time will you get to the station?
We must get up at dawn.
Do you eat veal?
He doesnt have teeth (dientes).
I will go in on Saturday.
The sunflower is appropriate.
They are selling fruits.
I want to sell one apple.
She ran.
I am supposed to go to Tokyo next week.
We have anxiety.
My dad can cook anything.
How many calories are in one hamburger?
He will study medicine in Spain.
I look forward to it.
I pray before I sleep.
The training for the duck begins.
This was described by Ernst Mayr in 1942 and states that "species are actual or potential sexually exploited natural reproductive populations separated from other groups".
Spitting is prohibited.
I'm not finished until now.
She will come with us.
Fruits in the province is much fresher than in metro.
You should slowly train your body to exercise.
They forgot to drink their medicine.
Let?╟╓s meet on October 13.
The train fare is expensive.
The dog came back from work.
It will be October 7 next week.
And there is also a free meal when you reach up to 20 people, so it's worth your trip.
I was wondering if you would explain it to me.
They are exercising for 1 minute.
Where would it be nice to go?
While I agree with the President on several issues, I wouldn't trust him for another 4 years.
They feel worse.
I'd like to buy croaker.
Someone is waiting for you downstairs.
how much is four kilos of starfruit?
June three is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
He has tumor in his left eye.
My mother is looking for medium green shoes.
The coconut is expensive.
how much is five kilos of mustard?
Another notebook is discovered by a firefly.
You just sold chocolates.
Squash is nutritious.
The homeworks that the teachers give are really hard.
Go outside and get some sunlight and fresh air.
I cannot thank you enough for all your kindness.
He shunned the prospect of living in an expensive palace.
My name is Roger Jimenez.
Fish sauce with calamansi.
He's planning to buy a bed before September 24.
December twenty-seven is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
I am studying physics.
You are cooking dinner.
Keep on lifting.
Promise.
My niece is looking for a medium magenta sweater.
December 10 will be Sunday because.
I am studying health science.
The pear is red.
Today is September 17.
The rice is prohibited.
How funny!
The goat has halitosis.
I should have done this long ago.
She needs medicine for her left lung.
I am holding your hand.
The nematodes are rich in humid water.
The dogs and the cats fought.
My nephew is looking for a small blue pajama.
every day since you showed me the book.
We leave immediately.
She said that it is good for your heart.
My sharpener broke.
Do you want to ride a bus?
We have a reservation for six-thirty.
The stench is foul.
The turkey is dead.
The onion is dirty.
Can you move your car?
Which is quicker, a taxi or the subway?
Is there any discount for the tilapia?
He and I are almost the same height.
I'll be home in about an hour and a half.
The ocean is wide.
I have class tonight.
The taro is blue.
The horse trains inside the game.
She eats eggplant for faster recovery.
The dog adopted the orphan.
Is there any discount for the grapes?
Delicious banana.
Please prepare the dish.
If the cooking of rice is too hot, some parts of it will be burnt.
I learned how to cook at Tesda.
Where does Tom eat breakfast?
The jasmine is delicious.
There's a secret passage on the left.
What's eating you?
Just this morning, Tom repaid Mary the money he owed her.
Will this never end?
I'll get you a towel.
She eats string bean to lose weight.
I saw a friend of mine yesterday.
ginger is the cheapest.
I do not think I am coming home.
The girl screamed when she saw the flames.
The baby is hungry.
I ate already.
I do not want to cause you any trouble.
He is jogging for 1 minute.
Just consider my own position now.
Did you get my letter?
Tom continued driving.
I don't know and I don't want to know.
Diversity is the key to unity.
My uncle is looking for a small grey bag.
You will make graham cake.
I will love you with every beat of my heart.
Do not be scared.
Is there any discount for the snail?
Will you give up?
His spouse asked him to go to England to consult a doctor.
He exercised for 3 minutes.
I'm going to Tokyo Tokyo today.
I should have left earlier.
How much for needle fish?
She did not finish elementary.
She has infection in her left hand.
I didn't get home until late.
Tom could have come yesterday, but he didn't.
She hung on to her father with one hand, an ice cream cone in the other.
The orchid is green.
I'd like to buy trevally fish.
What is the name of this river?
I'd like to buy fringescale sardinella.
Thankfully, I found a job at a construction site in Cubao.
I love Korean food because of the hot spices.
I couldn't go out because of the rain.
The middle table on the right is broken.
I can't help thinking.
The butterfly is nice to look at.
Six.
He has swelling in his knee.
I want to buy a crab.
They have sardinella.
I would like some water.
You can cook the rice.
I'd like a glass of water, please.
In December, Darwin received a letter from Wallace asking whether the book will investigate human origins.
Tom can't drive a car.
I'm sorry. I will be ten minutes late.
My brother is looking for a large green bag.
Examples of these include ethidium, bromide, acridine, leafonmycin and doxorubicin.
June twenty-seven is the date today.
The seagull is sent flying.
Let us use what we learned in important things.
The Soviet Union recognizes the new pro-Soviet government of Poland.
Tom carefully read over the contract.
The mushroom is cooked.
The radish is reserved.
This is because Datu Lapu-lapu came from here and is the first Filipino to beat the Spanish colonialists in the 15th century.
I don't really like the stores there.
I want it delivered to me by noon tomorrow.
Is December 29 Friday.
It's so hard to resist the food at my workplace.
The sheep opens the notebook.
My cousin takes six medicines every morning.
The teacher came in late.
I like to buy eight big bananas.
She cooked dinner.
how much does a kilo of pork cost?
11th in line.
The garlic is long.
Does she know your telephone number?
People have consumed hot drinks for thousands of years.
That first chair on the right is broken.
The monkey climbs a tree.
I ate your buko pie.
What kind of car does Tom drive?
He will go here on December 16.
The study could open the door to helping people fight cancer better in the future.
They are questioning the dentist.
If it hadn't been raining, we would have gone to the park.
They bought breakfast.
He wiped the glass with a green rag before he poured some water from the pitcher that he got from a big refrigerator and then he drunk it.
Treat us roasted pig!
I just met Tom yesterday.
I used soy sauce.
Not a big deal, Elena said a while ago.
What do you have?
I no longer have the energy to talk.
and when he did.
Cows produce milk, which could be made into cheese.
She praised the dentist.
The whale wouldn't be too surprised if tom didn't show up on time.
He will fry egg.
meat is very expensive.
Are you prepareing duck?
It is bad to throw a stone.
We went to the airport to go home.
The rice is artificial.
Here are my pencil and eraser, take them.
I assume you've had breakfast.
The sesame is new.
The scorpion wish the scorpion hadn't told the dog anything.
I'm sick and I don't have an appetite.
I like to study foreign languages.
How many pieces of eel?
I don't care how old you are.
this warfare and cataclysm that will be taking.
I let it burn.
We have a limited budget because of your unnecessary purchases.
She has a daughter whose name is Mary.
The cat hates pirates.
He is in the hospital because of his arms.
Their hair is greasy.
Tom should have been eating more vegetables and not as much meat.
Drinking more water can help increase blood volume.
I'd like to buy trevally fish.
They made salad.
I want to sell less octopus.
Get serious.
I live inDjibouti.
Oh no!
A bucket full of water.
The children are chasing each other.
You can smell it.
At 10:00 AM, there are forty-five cheese at the next ATM.
I am thirsty for your body.
Please wake me up by twelve o'clock.
We are drinking liquors.
She just cooked breakfast.
He needs to undergo operation on his left knee.
Are you the one who wrote that report?
They said that the doctor is coming from France.
Can you be a bit more considerate?
In this predatory pair, the evolutionary arms race created high levels of poison in the newt and stretched high levels of poison-poison resistance.
I need to connect to the internet.
The human has a pet.
Is there any discount for the mantis shrimp?
I am already drunk.
This room doesn't get much sunshine.
You are eating the fruits.
I don't like learning irregular verbs.
Do you still have butterflyfish?
Do not buy fake.
The grape is thick.
How do you feel about his suggestion?
Our uncle is good in cooking breakfast.
You also have tests right after vacation.
The turtles enjoy a secret life.
I may freeze to death tonight.
We are all here.
Now then, let me have it.
Our teacher gave us our scores.
I like to buy five small mushrooms.
sensing my rage, the woman moved nervously away, probably asking herself.
Everybody else is getting dressed and ready for tonight's show.
Where did you buy the book?
The pumpkin is new.
Natural selection results from the variation of genetic variation in a population.
A bask of crocodiles?
The frog uses the sword to fight demons.
I have sugar.
Last monday, she bought banana from the store.
The shark promises to beat the rival shark.
There is a great market for rice in Japan.
ninety-seven.
how much does one kidney bean cost?
She can sit.
I will pretend to be your baby.
I can prepare the dish.
Report in class.
Come with them instead.
He made the salad.
When I speak my adoptive tongue, the words sometimes get caught in my throat, resulting in an Ankh! sound.
Calcium can prevent osteoporosis.
I wanted to travel to several places in France.
She eats watermelon for faster recovery.
The turtle defeats the real turtle.
How much for taro?
Chemoautotrophs differ from a bacterial group that diffuses or reduces the organic compound (Example: NH3, H2, H2S, FeH) to maintain energy and utilize Carbon Dioxide for coal resources.
I don't ride taxis.
Is September 14 Friday.
Honesty isn't always the best policy.
November 19 will be Sunday because.
Tom is at home almost every evening.
I work terrible hours.
I like to buy two big star apples.
Everyday at 2 pm he took a 7.5 minute nap.
The duck's feather is white.
Finished!
The turnip is exceptional.
She has tumor in her foot.
She will eat cabbage to have beautiful skin.
The bee senses danger.
are you buying pork?
I wouldn't bet on it.
How much is the towel?
We were addicted.
The dog is riding a bicycle.
The beetle's team attacks.
We did so much.
It has also created a problem of undeclared labor.
You fried garlic.
My brother is looking for a medium red bag.
I do not want to go on Thursday.
You made the ice cream.
She has swelling in her left knee.
Don't forget to take an umbrella with you.
That middle computer in the middle is broken.
Is that second table on the left is broken?
how much is eight kilos of apple?
His head is aching.
We will cook the breakfast.
Our turtle bit me.
If you are losing three times in three minutes,.
My brother is looking for a large orange sweater.
The tamarind is withered.
The carabao finished last.
I want to talk to you about something.
Would you like some water?
It is tiring to write.
Let us meet on the day after tomorrow.
It's important to have a rest day.
She needs to undergo operation on her left arm.
Is this fourth computer on the left is broken?
until after World War II.
We are eating sweet food.
Do you have a complaint to make?
My aunt is looking for a medium blue pajama.
I'll be home early.
Nilupak is made of sweet potato.
you put those halves side by side.
Metohino Outlet Bakery This group contains a family, Methanobacteriaceae and 3 genera, Methanobacterium, Methanosarcina, and Methanococcus.
I will not let you fall.
That is so deep.
Tom is leaving for India next Friday.
The magnolia is small.
However, there is more recent evidence that this is a southern mosquito species associated with the Culex pipiens that adapt to the hot underground areas of the northern cities.
You should act more like someone applying for college.
Where is the sesame?
I want to buy a garlic.
The seagull defeats the real seagull.
Tom woke up at the crack of dawn.
He will sell his guitar on December 26.
I believe in God.
I eat liver when I'm thristy.
Classes are suspended tomorrow.
Her feet are sore.
Please cook the breakfast.
The birds do not know the powers of the notebook.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Poland.
Although on many occasions, I still fail.
Afternoon of October 30.
They buy us vegetables.
He sold his guitar last November 11.
Tom made breakfast.
My older sister goes jogging every day.
You missed something.
cabbage is expensive.
I will finish later.
600 liters of water.
You are selling the chocolates.
From 4:00 PM to 8:00 AM.
Call me tonight.
The spaghetti in the Philippines tastes too sweet.
How much for tilapia?
Tobacco smoke restricts blood vessels.
I returned to my dormitory, peeled the t-shirt off my back, put it in a plastic bag, and slung it on top of the clothes in my backpack.
I pin the letter on the back of a paper plate.
What do you think about the blue dress she just made?
One hour has passed.
Morning of October 22.
Since I was sick, I didn't go.
We all makes mistakes.
Do you know who we are?
You are boiling egg.
Did I cook chicken?
The jasmine is effective.
That chocolate cheesecake was delicious.
I like to buy eight small sapodilla.
Is there any discount for the bitter gourd?
Where is the banana heart?
of this world are become the kingdoms of our.
He is eating unhealthy food.
The Christians will look at him as the second.
The cook broiled the meat.
Tom pays Mary to clean his house.
The corn is appropriate.
I winced.
Love can change the world in a moment.
Where is our class?
It hurts!
There wasn't even one book in the room.
My aunt is looking for medium grey pants.
Will I cook pork stew?
Play outside instead of watching TV.
Where is the giant freshwater prawn?
They are excited.
before the tribulation or anything like that.
I made breakfast.
I will buy a new TV.
You never know what you have until you lose it and once you already lost it, you can never get it back anymore.
It's already September 22!.
Books can help you improve your skills.
Difficult roads leads to a beautiful destination.
Do you want anything to eat?
My sister is looking for a large pink shirt.
how much does one hundred soursoup cost?
Don't hurry, he added.
We are selling fruits.
The most widely studied of these are the different factors of transcription proteins regulating transcription.
About thirty minutes later it would return.
The purple yam is different.
My father is looking for large white shoes.
It?╟╓s nice to meet you.
We are cooking the breakfast.
Only 29 left.
He lost his money last December 24.
Why do you want to be a nurse?
My sister is looking for a large green bag.
Phoenix is the capital of Arizona.
We are leaving at 8 pm.
I got up early as usual.
I accompanied her.
The scorpion's team win.
Stress can cause pimples.
I like to buy ten big pineapples.
She said that the doctor will come from Greece.
My niece is looking for medium orange clothes.
How did you win?
Guard my kingdom.
of speed and convenience.
how much does a hundred luffa cost?
how much does a hundred milkfish cost?
I lost your plane ticket.
He seldom went there.
I ate breakfast at eight.
She needs a new dentist.
He needs medicine for his right arm.
My left hand is numb.
This is a miracle.
Pandesal is usually eaten during breakfast.
Move these to your room.
You drank his juice.
Toss!
Serve with vinegar dipping sauce.
She is in the hospital because of her ear.
Is this fresh pork hock?
pineapple is not that cheap.
I threw the garbage.
Human biology is an academic field that is part of biology, biological anthropology, and medicine, which focuses on people.
Explaining the risks is very important.
I thought I was done, but I actually wasn't yet.
He enjoys playing.
He will soak it in broth.
I'm cooking adobo today.
how much does one million black plum cost?
Other naturalists at this time have been considering evolutionary changes of species over time according to natural laws.
Can i ask for a discount for the shrimp?
He is in the hospital because of his shoulder.
Are we finished?
My aunt is looking for a medium pink shirt.
Has he had any coffee yet this morning?
how much do fifteen fish cost?
The swan cannot beat the swan.
September twenty-seven is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
The caterpillar will become a butterfly.
How come they are so expensive?
If you are sleeping four times in four years,.
The crocodile know what time you said you'd get there.
It will be December 28 next week.
The sorrow will not disappear.
We do not have classes tomorrow.
They haven't finished eating supper.
His hair was bleached to that orange-blond hue achieved when one starts with black, and carefully styled in a perfect, messy shag.
Ice is cold.
We will answer the homework.
Put ice to your wounds.
Joe waited for the train.
My sister is looking for small yellow pants.
The wasp ate a bee.
Oh, really?
Would you work in a cemetery overnights for 100,000 dollars a month?
Darwin's father opposed the two-year plan that saw it as a waste of time but his father-in-law, Josiah Wedgwood, encouraged her to join her child's participation.
You are frying the tofu.
On the first day of classes, students were being asked by their teacher to show him their schedule when they entered the classroom.
Is it still cold?
My father is looking for a medium pink watch.
They jogged for 5 minutes.
The avocado is bland.
Are you going to the next toilet later at 6:00 AM.
He can see and hear us.
My uncle is looking for a small brown sweater.
The beetles team has to get a message.
The butterflies won.
He is the most studious.
Pineapples are hard to cut.
You can cook breakfast.
We have been using the internet for many years.
She will eat onion to get strong.
But the actors and actresses are good.
And when you try to tell them.
There was a pig that is special for gambling.
The oregano is blue.
I will write a poem later.
Will you please turn down the radio?
I did not become happy with what you did.
The lice need a Japanese English dictionary.
Tom came home early yesterday.
I want to buy a orange.
now the technology developing that would make.
cheap pencil.
When will lunch be ready?
Will you prepare the viand?
From where is this orange mud crab?
I grow orchids in my greenhouse.
We're about to eat.
My grandfather takes one medicine every evening.
They are selling the cheap meats.
I will be called.
I cannot agree with you on the matter.
I want jackfruit in my food.
She refused to eat her supper.
When is my breakfast served?
Bananas are colored green when they aren't ripe yet.
She has infection in her right kidney.
Festival will only last until November 5.
He said that the drug is coming from Greece.
I can cook the chicken adobo.
She cut cheese.
how much do six squash cost?
how much do nine papaya cost?
Should I help?
Their shoes are tight.
Open your books to page five.
We are taking her blood pressure.
He is in the hospital because of his foot.
The pineapple is new.
You have only seen that movie one time.
only going to be given to those who worship.
What happened to our food?
He asked for help.
We are frying the chicken.
Now don't think badly of me or of him.
I studied for one hour.
We are searching for them.
The lemon is perfect.
You will boil the sweet potatoes.
The seagulls stole your wallet on the train.
Flagella is more complex in eukaryotes than in prokaryotes.
Do you have calculations to back your claims up?
My elder brother takes three medicines every afternoon.
My companion is you.
Those are just excuses.
Did you bring your umbrella?
Boracay has a bad reputation in today's news.
He has already drunk milk!
This clock is far more expensive than that.
The jackfruit is green.
how much do sixteen durian cost?
By the time he phoned her, she had found someone new.
Some birds cannot fly.
Tom put off his departure till Sunday.
Second Sunday is on June 11.
The oleander is ripe.
I am on my way there.
My aunt is looking for a small green bag.
The exam awhile ago was easy, right?
I'll check with you later.
Chop the onions.
How much for deepbody sardinella?
This tree is more than a century old.
The sheep is watching death note.
Washing clothes and sheets is my work.
Do you still have native horseradish leaves?
The hen can stretch its body.
She gained weight due to her stay in England.
The tamarind is blue.
The dragonfly will raise my children so that they will be protected from superstition.
I just chose to forget what happened.
how much is a kilo of radish?
There are crabs in the beach.
how much is a kilo of bitter gourd?
Tom approached.
That second computer is broken!
String bean is good for the body.
How many languages can you speak?
He will write a book until November 16.
His handkerchief was taken by wind out of the window.
How many pieces of fish sauce?
Some believe in UFOs and others do not.
We are leaving at 4 am.
Please give me a cup of tea.
December five is the date today.
The rose is heavy.
Additional (extra) copies of the genes are the main source of raw material for new genes to evolve.
You will grill the corn.
My father is looking for medium grey clothes.
The orchid is wet.
The taro is hard.
The firefly goes to sleep.
Meanwhile, they have seven choices of dishes.
I wish tomorrow will be December 26.
What did you eat last night?
how much do nine milkfish cost?
I love them too much! No! What did the first.
Tom and Mary bumped into each other yesterday afternoon in the library.
I picked you.
Can i ask for a discount for the celery?
My aunt is looking for medium violet pants.
Some ants train in the forest.
Your aunt is good in cooking breakfast.
As a result, when members of a population die, they are replaced by offspring or descendants that are better suited to continue and reproduce within the environment of the natural selection.
The blackberry is whole.
I felt terrible for the hassle.
I want to buy five soursoup.
Open your books to page three.
Our family visited him.
May 13th.
I will throw you away, too.
We had a little trouble with the equipment yesterday.
Counting is fun.
I have cough for five weeks.
You all will deliver this baby.
will find the same preaching.
However, some types of bacteria are popular and can cause diseases, such as cholera, syphilis, anthrax, leprosy, and bubonic plague.
How many pieces of apple?
This is the worst storm in ten years.
There are many small museums in Penang.
The shark knows how to ride the bicycle.
He's planning to buy a bed before October 3.
That kid is my cousin.
Can you find in here what you are looking for?
Don't ask.
Am I preparing the viand?
My brother is looking for a medium pink watch.
There is no justice on earth.
I bought a new Samsung Phone.
The Human Genome Project data sets are difficult to use without annotations to identify gene locations and regulatory elements in each chromosome.
Tom had to work late yesterday.
Eat as fast as you can.
All organisms from bacteria to wild animals get together the same machinery that copies and translates DNA into proteins.
They will come with me.
We will drink his shake.
Please bear with me for a minute longer.
At 12:00 PM, there are seven eggs at the international airport.
He doesn't need your understanding.
The whale wonder who they are.
September 13 is the day of his death.
The elephant does not appreciate jokes.
The two bulls battle.
He held the cup for a few minutes.
Their family visited her.
I am cooking rice.
I wash the plate.
I am still at the office.
We made the ice cream.
He is fying tocino.
I will just hide my things.
Who wants ice cream?
Give me five tens and the rest in ones.
You were an accountant.
The mango is sweet.
So let me ask you this: can you think of a.
He should be drinking milk now!
Take care of your body.
how much does a million legumes cost?
Tom didn't come to school yesterday.
You will fry milkfish.
I will join you to the station.
The apple is juicy.
Yesterday is October 25.
From where is this mangrove red snapper?
how much do three guava cost?
I wanna have dinner in a restaurant.
I was never looking for a friend.
She sliced the breads.
They can be found in lands and water, like hot water.
Where is the dentist?
I work in the morning.
His spouse is asking him to go to England to consult a doctor.
It is not easy to learn a foreign language.
The blackberry is brown.
I need a new dentist.
I have salt.
He will chop vegetables.
First Sunday is on June 4.
How much for ball of cheese?
He will write a book until November 20.
May 22nd.
Please prepare the ingredients of the dish.
We all know you don't eat meat.
He is reading his diagnosis.
It's tough digging all day in the blistering heat.
Soon after that Natasha heard her mother's even breathing.
I just want to see you smile.
My father is looking for a large green watch.
Rainbows are beautiful.
He will need to undergo operation on his left ear.
Are you from around here?
If you are crying twenty-nine times in twenty-nine months,.
Those people might be able to help us.
The monkeys hurt him.
Where is the silver fish?
My birthday is the day after tomorrow and maybe everyone will forget.
What is happiness?
Is November 27 Friday.
They fried chicken.
You should behave.
Please fry the smoked meat.
She has put on weight recently.
Can you clean this up?
My uncle is looking for a small pink watch.
Morning of October 25.
The person doesn't know how to look back from where he belong, can't go toward his destination.
We'll spend two hours burying supplies.
I like to buy three big sugar apples.
He will sell his guitar on September 22.
I stole it from Tom.
This picture is old.
Take off your pants or they are going to piss on you.
I think of coming back every time, but it just never happens.
Will they cook breakfast?
November 30 will be Sunday because.
I was born and raised in the country.
He needs help.
I bet my heart on you.
He sold his guitar last September 7.
Afternoon of October 24.
Is there any discount for the gizzard shad?
There is more day to dawn.
He trained everyday to improve his endurance.
The okra is ripe.
Everyone should bring their own supper.
Finally, it's Friday.
how much does thousand ginger cost?
My parents forbade me to see Tom again.
Are we there yet?
How long have you been here?
He always feeds his child with garlic to have a strong immune system.
Wild animals roamed across the plains.
Do you work on Sundays?
They are limited to having water habitats such as shallow, salty lakes, at a depth of 25m.
Is there a movie theater nearby?
123 meters per second.
Morning of November 25.
My mother is looking for a medium pink pajama.
She needs to undergo operation on her right knee.
I ran into Tom yesterday.
I never really knew why every time he was near me, my heart kept jumping up and down.
Did it rain last September 1.
The grass is red with blood.
I will eat the vegetable.
I want to sell two radish.
Sifting flakes melt against my cheeks, a vanishing moisture.
Pray to all your gods.
My nephew is looking for a large orange pajama.
The banana is blue.
The purple yam is blue.
She came home very late.
There is someone out there depending on you.
You cannot find fresh fish in the supermarket.
I want an  player!
Toasted bread is tasty during breakfast.
I used up the time earlier.
She left him food.
This is destiny.
I like to play.
She will eat mango for faster recovery.
You have known them a long time.
He just sold chocolates.
You need to allot more time.
He cooked breakfast.
Trump accepts offer to meet Kim Jong Un.
Maybe this will help you stay awake.
The okra is elusive.
I like to buy three big fishes.
All those chairs are broken!
I am leaving next week.
She eats tomato to avoid sickness.
I don't eat vegetables and fish.
Something changed.
How many pieces of mangrove king crab?
I want to buy less whale shark.
Sisig also has some pork liver and on top is chicharron or crispy pork skin as well as fried garlic.
December 17 is Wednesday.
I am jumping.
The wind calmed down in the evening.
The lions introduce each other.
The wolf saw an airplane.
Hurry up!
I was once like you.
She has swelling in her knee.
Last tuesday, i bought mango from the store.
She has jaw pain.
I don't want to be coward because of love.
They all love him.
Thank God that Boris is now on the staff.
The monkeys walked with him to an old wooden building near the farmhouse.
Today is September 19.
My niece is looking for medium white pants.
One of our companions went to Twin Towers in Kuala Lumpur.
No classes on Saturday.
They arrived late because of the storm.
It's sunny all month long except last December 18.
November twenty-four is the date today.
You can do that if you believe in yourself.
The watermelon is ripe.
I greeted him.
How much for spanish mackerel?
Now he wants to bob up again.
There are also pineapples that are sour.
October 21 is Monday.
She will study medicine in Japan.
He is inside the hospital.
They wanted to try new ways of living.
We should learn to use our time right.
He will write a book until December 22.
Learn Spanish in Your Car.
We reached the top of the hills before dawn.
I'm already late.
Your names were crossed off the list.
I lost my twenty-five chopsticks at 11:00 PM.
She made the graham cake.
How much for the cheese?
Keep on eating.
Morning of November 13.
She needed to undergo operation on her back.
My niece is looking for a medium violet watch.
They will soak it in water.
My father is looking for large grey clothes.
The orchid is slippery.
Where should the erasers be?
Join our group.
The cucumber is strange.
There is a place where there is no sorrow.
The company was established in 1990.
Can you fry tocino?
how much is ten kilos of sardines?
I will move beside him.
Did he eat lunch?
Do not make up things.
I did not want you.
His siblings asked him to go to Manila to consult a doctor.
Google Translate was launched on April 28, 2006.
how much do ten rambutan cost?
11th day of July.
Do you still have deepbody sardinella?
We will fry the milkfish.
For me, my mother is the kindest person in my life.
Let us start on Monday.
Can you cook the breakfast?
It's sunny all month long except last October 18.
She broke her finger.
We want herring.
How much for cornstarch?
Six hundred thousand pesos.
how much do twenty lima bean cost?
He will sell his guitar on September 18.
The police are having a hard time tracking drug dealers.
I like to buy two small cabbages.
This first table is broken!
Tom will come on Monday.
The posibility of heart attack increases as a person gets old.
Yesterday, when Tom was backing up his car, he ran over Mary's bicycle.
This is the village where he was born.
I fried a chicken.
The durian is blue.
Have you got the right time?
What's that oath you doctors take?
My grandmother takes six medicines every evening.
I like to buy four big eggplants.
She has tried to use her hands to eat.
I eat a lot of meat.
Today is September 26.
I left my clothes in your room.
Scientific theories include strong evidence and the experimental scientists have passed the Einstein's Basic Relativity Teory and the Quantum Mechanics of Quantum two fundamental fundamentals of physics.
Terror made me cruel.
Is this fresh salted eggs?
are you selling tamarind?
From 5:00 PM to 11:30 PM.
You look so different but you fell the same.
how much does one billion orange cost?
The snail like you.
Cathy ate a lot of chocolate.
She cooked snack.
Our lunch for tomorrow is meat vegetable stew with shrimp paste.
Tea may help stop progression of certain cancers.
Making projects is the worst for me.
The chocolates are being eaten by you.
She needed to undergo operation on her hands.
The elephants protested.
Guava makes you smarter.
They join frequently.
Where is the carrots?
Is that fourth chair on the right is broken?
23rd.
I want to buy more shark.
She is cooking the breakfast.
I ate at Mcdonalds.
This brings me to the subject I am telling you.
One of the places we also went to was the Botanical Garden.
Mangoes are cheap.
Do that first.
I remember the things I saw in my last trip.
Just keep scratching!
how much is two kilos of papaya?
September twenty-two is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
That's why I think I'm somewhat better off here.
My friend Rob Ross spent four years photographing it for a lavish photo book.
The spider returns to the village.
eighty-nine.
The newspaper says that the typhoon hit Kyushu.
how much do forty melon cost?
The man admitted having broken into the house.
I will pray.
The sixth chair is vacant.
He will go here on December 22.
Be careful who you love.
how much do two soursoup cost?
how much do twelve black plum cost?
You will sell the vegetables.
I'll see you at nine tomorrow morning.
It's more fun in the school with friends than in the house.
That third chair in the middle is broken!
He's planning to buy a bed before December 12.
He will eat apple to have beautiful skin.
Tomorrow Uncle Henry and I will go back to Kansas.
I want to sell two garlic.
h Darwin visits his home in Shrewsbury and finds relatives and then quickly goes to Cambridge to see Henslow advising on naturalists to catalog the collections and agree to take the botanical specimens .
Madam do you have change?
How many languages do you speak?
nineteenth in line.
Tom was early for his appointment.
Evidence may be unexplained scientifically possible during the original examination of the pregnancy.
He can count.
You do many different things.
I want to learn how to play the guitar.
I ate the cheese.
Are people buying your cupcakes?
The pan is hot.
If only I had a lot of money, I can go to more places.
Only 46 left.
Shrimps are used to kill monsters.
Yesterday is September 30.
He ran from the museum quickly.
Is your mother there?
The regulations are there to reduce risks.
I want to buy three apple.
Most of us went to college just for a degree.
Your pants are loose.
Are you in college?
The bee has three helmets.
The sharks ride bikes home.
The cats promised to face off each other in the finals.
His body is paralyzed with shock, but his mind is alert.
They are cooking snack.
Last Sunday is on August 27.
They found a hospital.
Some would find fault with the red morning .
Put an ice cream to the bread.
The jellyfish is strong on wood creatures.
Boracay is the best beach in the world.
how much is a kilo of lima bean?
They are investigating fixers who are taking all appointment slots for passports.
You are frying the chicken.
My aunt is looking for a large cyan watch.
The mustard is artificial.
My brother is looking for a small grey watch.
The sixth chair is vacant.
Palm trees on the waters edge cast long pillarlike shadows.
Saving money this year has been more difficult than last year.
She is asking about your skin disease.
He sold chocolates.
We just crossed the bridge and bought peanut kisses (One of the Best Bohol Treats).
Did you learn your lesson?
The rival carabao is stronger than the carabao.
The taste of love is bitter.
She eats cucumber to strengthen his bones.
Throwing hurts others.
He always feeds his child with string bean to be healthy.
Isn't Tom having breakfast?
My father taught me how to drive.
They have ten fingers.
She played tennis.
how much do sixty sugar apple cost?
My apartment is on the tenth floor.
I'm on holiday.
how much does one shark cost?
DiCNHS got so many awards.
I tried not to cry.
Could I get a room for tonight?
Tell us the plan.
I am driving a car.
I am currently at a meeting with the coordinators.
My niece is looking for small black shoes.
I want to sell two lanzones.
This is a beautiful city.
Many people have made the same mistake.
He will cook the breakfast.
Erase the chalkboard after the meeting.
They will fry dried fish.
My sister is looking for a small yellow watch.
He has you and now he forgets me.
He went to Egypt to consult a doctor.
What he said turned out to be a lie.
I am with them.
He has pain in his right lung.
If it's not yet September 30,.
Why does it feel like the end is still far?
The match resumed.
Please cook the breakfast.
Tomorrow is my grandchild's birthday.
The rice is soft.
I am just a boy with a dream.
She is looking for a syringe.
They fought last September 3 because of money.
I am the only new student this year.
He counducted us on a tour around the lake.
He will write a book until September 2.
My bag is heavy.
preaching to the Jews in the Olivet Discourse.
the price of manila bean is getting cheaper.
I still have a long service that I need to fulfill.
It's more fun in France.
He lost his money last November 23.
Please open your books to the third page.
I can cook lunch.
I will have the soup as a starter.
There may be observable changes in the urine, including the presence of blood and a different odor.
The guava is bitter.
We will cut cheeses.
He said that the illegal drug came from Germany.
If it's not yet September 8,.
Do you want some breakfast?
Now Lucy was the pet of the school.
Is this fresh coriander?
The melon is healthy.
A horse saves them from death.
What do you call this fish in English?
They will write it on the blackboard.
how much does one hundred lima bean cost?
The truth of the matter is dawning on him.
You can fry tocino.
how much does one billion whale shark cost?
I just ate an ingredient.
She said that the illegal drug came from Egypt.
The oat is sour.
Let us say goodbye before we go.
November 29 is Wednesday.
I caught some fish.
I like to buy two small carrots.
I will bake a cake for your birthday.
I did it three years ago.
It's home inside.
The second chair is broken!
He apologized to me for his rudeness.
The brownie will be eaten by you.
The avocado is green.
Modern evolutionary synthesis is the unity of ideas from some biological specialty that provides a widely accepted explanation of evolution.
I'm so hungry that I could eat a horse.
It is my fault.
Her last employer decided that her hair was unsuitable for work.
I want to finish my studies for my family.
I eat lunch every morning.
Mary is already eating the brownie you gave.
Frogs are delicious.
My uncle is looking for a small orange pajama.
You'd better come with us.
Am I buying supper?
You will sell cupcakes.
Why is this doctrine so popular.
how much does a million jackfruit cost?
He wants to feel better.
Where does Tom eat breakfast?
You are selling the meats.
After the emergence of multicellular organisms, a large amount of substance appeared in an event called the Cambrian explosion where many of the phylum appeared in the fossil record that later became extinct.
I will return.
I like to buy three small cottonfruits.
The crocodiles will never accept.
mental gymnastics where you will try to show.
It's rare me to have the time for a casual walk.
The cheese was cut by you.
I go there every year.
We were too busy to notice the changing of the seasons.
There is an exploratory research to produce quantum cryptography (optical cryptography) to guarantee the security of the trasmision of electronic information.
Forget him.
It is October 10 when.
He eats radish for faster recovery.
Traveling gets a person out of their comfort zone, away from all their normal pleasures and comforts and way of doing things.
My name is Mike.
If September 21 is Saturday,.
Get clips and hot water.
Fish sauce is salty.
My father is looking for a small green pajama.
fish is very cheap.
He's planning to buy a bed before December 8.
how much does a billion orange cost?
What does he eat for breakfast?
There is no discount for the cavendish bananas?
The homeworks were release at the same time.
When will we go?
Would you carry this upstairs for me?
We are going to the grocery store.
Mom already served lunch.
Can you get the lima beans?
Most Japanese eat rice at least once a day.
The Japanese economy developed rapidly.
I want to buy two sardines.
The bell rings at noon.
We compared each other's notes after we attended the seminar.
Nobody can know everything.
You havent had to use them.
I'll bring it to you tomorrow.
It's more fun in Argentina.
The bird did not use the telephone correctly.
The horse has lost followers.
I had a hard time finding his house.
The sesame is wet.
Who else will I have faith on?
into another person - that spirit of the Dalai.
The ant meet another spirit ant.
He feels great.
The horse is determined to play until it gets out.
Can we leave?
They ate sushi for dinner.
My brother is looking for small grey clothes.
Yes, it's 6 pesos, no discount.
She has pain in her right elbow.
She will eat radish to get strong.
We are selling chocolates.
She will eat mango to have beautiful skin.
I like to buy seven small cucumbers.
We all agree that we should leave early.
Many people are scared of this.
I lost my watch yesterday.
He went to Manila to consult a doctor.
My uncle is looking for a medium violet pajama.
The small dog likes to sleep in my friend's bed.
Fluorescence studies of Drosophila melanogaster suggest that if the mutation changes a protein created by a gene, about 70 percent of these mutations are harmful to the remainder are neutral or beneficial.
I want to succeed in life.
Can you cook the snack?
I don't like to eat vegetables.
The spider is shocked.
Healing may include using scientific tests and exercises to maintain health, such as cholesterol, blood pressure, glucose, and other signs of the body.
I try to stay awake not to miss any moment when travelling.
The garlic is green.
You are eating the buko pie.
Go here on December 22.
The water is clear.
There's pepper, garlic, and onions in the sauteed string bean.
The lizard love bananas.
She made gulaman.
You can cook the pork.
how much does one million legumes cost?
He eats watermelon because he wants to be healthy.
What time do they serve food?
They sold fruits.
Is there any discount for the broom?
They are grilling tilapia.
Morning of September 6.
Please let me drive your new Toyota.
I wasn't driving fast.
Time's up. Please pass in your exams.
I want to pierce my nose.
Have him replace Greg.
Take care of yourself.
He knows nothing.
My uncle is looking for large brown shoes.
Green suits you.
Her parents are asking her to go to Japan to medicine there.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Nauru.
I used to take a walk every morning.
The centipede is good looking.
Where is the fish sauce?
The sheep is slow.
How much for snapper?
The pomelo is orange.
how much do ninety starfruit cost?
He has a good chance of being elected.
Filipinos always have fried egg during breakfast.
She will eat the meat.
She said that the drug is coming from Manila.
I'll leave you guys alone.
December 20 is Monday.
From where is this anchovy?
Do you still have durian?
Even though a few centimeters of the soil exhibit bacteria, their number decreases when the depth increases.
It will be November 4 next week.
Had Tootles caused trouble in other places?
Mary is kind, she fed us a nutritious breakfast.
If she reaches her 60th birthday, she will have been smoking for half a century!
The lilac is long.
The mango is bent.
The pumpkin is appropriate.
She eats tomato to strengthen his bones.
He visited her.
70000 graduates.
I can cook pork adobo.
At 2:00 PM, there are forty-five badminton at the next ATM.
You should be drinking coffee right now!
He cannot speak English.
Festival will only last until November 18.
I did not kill anyone.
The lettuce is new.
The goat had called him yesterday.
The radish is appropriate.
Don't be late tomorrow.
You will trip.
Do you also liked it?
I ate many cupcakes.
I like to buy nine small chickens.
how much do sixty kidney bean cost?
The ancient Romans established sewer systems that remove dirty water and sewage, as well as water drainage systems that carry fresh and fresh water in cities and towns.
I expected a concise briefing.
Open the door.
she taught for five decades.
I need a little time to talk to you now.
The strawberry is whole.
You are probably that type of person.
You can ride the car.
This is what the people say.
By the way, how many clothes per annum is reasonable?
I divide food.
The train's departure will be delayed.
Whats the worst part about being alone here at winter"?
However, nonverbal communication like hand gestures and a smile goes far.
I was born 20 years ago.
I eat frequently.
I should really head to bed anyway so that's enough for now.
Do you want to eat here?
How does this soup taste?
He loves playing outside.
21st day of May.
I don't remember you said that.
A girl that is smart.
I am a good writer.
The national stadium needs major repairs.
It is irritating if there's a tiny rock with your rice.
While low blood pressure might seem like a good thing to have, a person's blood pressure can occassionally be too low and cause problems.
I heard the children's happy voices.
The rice is different.
Do you know this woman?
Their thighs are big.
how much do ten manila bean cost?
Can i have a sip of your drink?
They finished elementary.
I want to buy four pineapple.
The sesame is sweet.
The dog and the cat eloped.
Will they fry tocino?
It is intended for the enlightenment, understanding, enrichment, enhancement and education of the human brain.
Are they arriving next Wednesday?
Three days later the issue was settled.
They are depressed.
Do you still have soy sauce?
Tom died during his stay in Boston.
Bob likes to cook.
Grill the pork.
The snail will ask around.
Do you still have terapon fish?
They are coming on Thursday.
I do not do this just to take a vacation and think but also so I can know where and how the was called as such.
The tamarind is dirty.
The jackfruit is orange.
Do not write on the table.
It's impossible to see Rome in a day.
My mother bought shoes.
I am taking a holiday at the beach.
My father is looking for a large orange shirt.
They haven't contacted you, have they?
June twenty-seven is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
If you are buying eight times in eight hours,.
The cashew is special.
The valley was dotted with farm houses.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Serbia.
He needs medicine for his right testicle.
Can I fry chicken?
Meat's scarce.
The eggplant is healthy.
He went to the library to gather impormasyon.
Some elephants made a name in the basketball industry.
She said she knew Charlie had been lying to her.
You just drank liquors.
Rats hide in dark places.
Many ducks have legs.
How much for cabbage?
His neck is stiff.
It's more fun in Croatia.
They will drink your juice.
He is in the hospital because of his left testicle.
The cabbage is sour.
Where is the nappa cabbage?
I want to go on a vacation next year in Mauritius.
She always takes twelve drugs for her disease.
She eats tomato to strengthen his immune system.
How much for indo-pacific tarpon?
The ant do not like buildings.
Linda will leave before 8 o?╟╓clock.
The beetle attack from behind.
My mother is looking for a large grey watch.
The oleander is withered.
Please prepare duck.
I'm going to Boston tomorrow.
Hopefully, we get there by sunset.
Tomorrow will be November 14.
how much do sixty octopus cost?
I ran into Mary at a party last week.
Many will go next week.
My TV broke, so I had to take it for repair.
I'll name it after you.
We have a friends in the school.
So I cannot really appreciate it.
We have been sitting on this meeting since twelve thirty nine pm.
For him, my efforts are worthless.
how much is one kilo of bottle gourd?
Do you take a bath every day?
My brother is looking for a medium blue watch.
My father told me to drive to Boston.
What I read is not enough.
Examples of this are the multiplication of Myxobacteria and the hypnotic hyphae form of Streptomyces, or budding.
their testimony and they loved not their.
I want to teach history when I grow up.
Is this fresh mackerel scad?
She will eat star apple to avoid sickness.
They can cook rice.
The dog escaped.
I am eating a brownie.
The rats laugh at him behind his back.
how much do eight manila bean cost?
What does that mean?
My father is looking for large magenta shoes.
We will drown it with a drink.
are you buying turnip?
He's lying.
Tapa is usually eaten during breakfast.
When do you plan to finish that?
This is a real-time tool for monitoring the latest cryptocurrency news.
The dog ate food without fruits.
Is this one okay?
Please ask ma'am if it is correct.
We have a large fitting room in that corner.
She plays football.
Is it allowed to go later?
The dog's heart will be unaffected.
He lost his money last December 3.
There is no future in this hell-hole.
The tamarind is natural.
Patience.
Kyles mom lingered in the basement, glancing at the TV as the actors volleyed the F-word back and forth.
Tom is not able to drive a taxi.
The pumpkin is hard.
Buy dessert.
My father is looking for medium grey pants.
She will cook the breakfast.
Can I prepare the dish?
It always rains there.
October twenty-seven is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
May 7th.
Let me know if I am doing this right.
I may go out if the rain lets up.
You are frying pork.
Jack doesn't drive fast.
He said that the drug will come from Japan.
In a nutshell, college is really fun.
Poor person.
Tomorrow we will celebrate my grandchild's birthday at the beach.
It is easy to study in the library.
The papaya is expensive.
The tomato is raw.
Don't miss out on the latest news and information.
The lemon is tasteless.
I will buy some foods.
The baconsilog at Rodics is also good.
how much do forty sugar apple cost?
September 23 is Tuesday.
She is feeling much better.
This drug is for your skin disease.
Our boss never thanked us for the thousands of things we have done correctly.
It's more likely to eat if there are lots of rice.
I know you like to travel, Tom.
Is the third chair on the right is broken?
I'm taking my father's ashes to the sacred river.
She wants to see a doctor.
She asked about the location of the house.
Cook hotdogs for me.
The teacher is doing his job.
His children are asking him to go to Egypt to consult a doctor.
Her parents are asking her to go to China to consult a doctor.
They have been ground peppers.
The brownies were eaten by you.
But I cannot be like her.
Banana trees have large leaves.
Go here on December 20.
I can't go without him.
Cat's team was not impressed.
The bee has four helmets.
Do you still have endeavor prawn?
This disease is dangerous.
How many days did he prepare for his five minute presentation earlier?
The taro is cooked.
It is called deep homology.
Do you still have pork loin?
Cebu is known for its many beautiful tourist spots.
Where is the rice?
I cannot sleep without a pillow.
The bat have lost my wallet.
That's over forty-eight hours ago.
She was injured in the car accident.
The puppy's team won.
Smoking can cause heart attack.
Can I have some juice to drink?
If September 14 is Saturday,.
The chili is hard.
Can I cook the chicken adobo?
We can see a big mountain over there.
How much for banan ketchup?
how much do sixty shrimp cost?
How much is the pomelo?
She eats pineapple to get strong.
My mother takes nine medicines every evening.
I was lucky to meet Colin and Scarlet, two great Canadians, who joined me for the exploration.
Many sheep do not know what is happening.
DNA nanotechnology DNA nanotechnology uses a similar molecular identity properties of DNA and other nucleic acids to create composite own DNA complex compounds with usable properties.
The pineapple is expensive.
She ate eggs.
They drove me away.
My child takes thirteen medicines every afternoon.
How many pieces of trevally fish?
Can you cook breakfast?
I don't know if this will be enough.
She has pain in her chest.
The magnolia is sour.
He needs to be examined.
Can you get the garlic?
I like to buy five small fishes.
To tell the truth, I didn't notice it.
What are you playing?
The cat's head is spinning.
The animals that appear in Cambrian are also included with some transitional fossils including Hallucigenia and Anomalocaris.
how much do thirty tomato cost?
March sixteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
He feels bad.
We arrived at the cinema after the film had started.
Is this middle chair on the left is broken?
The tiger has four helmets.
He thinks he feels okay.
July nineteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
It consists of various shapes of rocks as well as growing stalactites.
how much do eighteen papaya cost?
Can i ask for a discount for the corn?
She is good in Science.
how much does a billion legumes cost?
why Jesus said it and that's why I'm saying.
The pigs throw out arguments.
The cherry is salty.
Excuse me.
From where is this sponge gourd?
One of the most generous compensations of traveling is that you get to know and understand so many new things.
The exam was set it to fail you.
There are some apples in the basket.
It is so boring in the hoouse.
Sorry (for a mistake).
The city is surrounded by seas so tourists are tempted by its charming beauty.
the valet was now wide awake called the doctor.
I pushed the plate away from me and slowly the feeling passed.
I thought you were going out with Tom.
how much do sixty manila bean cost?
We left the movie early.
The rival puppy is not good at floorball.
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark.
Every April.
Please do it quickly.
The pomelo is thirsty.
We still much to do for our project.
He has infection in his left arm.
Your body will get stronger if you eat guava.
The building in school is big.
It felt as though the whole world was dressed in snow.
His children asked him to go to the United States to consult a doctor.
The rat told them no.
He just ground peppers.
I was never still during the first days of my freedom.
how much do twelve mustard cost?
how much do ten pork cost?
We can't change the past.
It is tastes every bit as good as Japanese rice.
The bat suppose you're hungry.
My sister is looking for large magenta clothes.
My aunt is looking for medium black shorts.
Do not get too close.
Did you buy dinner?
Imagine how nice it is to lie down on a sandy beach while staring at the stars.
Is this middle chair in the middle is broken?
Distinguished chairperson.
how much do seventy tamarind cost?
I don't eat as much meat as I used to.
He bought a syringe.
Fill up the glass with water.
The seventh chair is vacant.
I like to buy five big coconuts.
Are all the tables in the middle broken?
how much does a papaya cost?
Will you buy breakfast?
No hand would ever stop him, where are you?
She will sell brownies.
This is how I cook fish.
They are drinking her water.
She eats pineapple to strengthen his immune system.
There, we tried swimming with the whales.
What's your favorite podcast?
Let us jump over your table.
They plan to ask the teacher.
This is an image of the anatomy of a snake.
He eats tamarind to have beautiful skin.
Are you alright now?
I like to buy three big lanzones.
A lot of cards can be seen.
Spherical bacteria are usually left over with irregular weight gain; called Staphylococci.
I killed Ramu.
How much for winter melon?
November 23 is Monday.
Their nurse is there.
I am very glad to hear that you speak Scottish Gaelic.
The dog is tapping the egg.
The monkey do not believe it happened that way.
Sofia and Dianne are figthing.
They said that the illegal drug is coming from the United States.
Have you eaten at that restaurant?
You are selling the meats.
She is happy.
Those chairs on the left are broken.
What're you going to eat?
Her parents asked her to go to China to consult a doctor.
Spirit swans are powerful.
He thanked the dentist.
I gave apple to richard.
We are going home.
His body will get stronger if he eats pineapple.
July eleven is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
He is eating a fruit.
You've already won.
You can not bring this item.
I stopped a minute to give those birds to their mother.
Come whenever you'd like.
I can prepare the ingredients of the dish.
She/He is a bad person!
The garlic is inadequate.
He will cook dinner.
Did it rain last October 2.
I've got enough problems of my own, so back off!
Is December 28 Friday.
The dove is used as soap.
I ate some bread just to satisfy my hunger for a while.
She was beautiful when she was young.
21st day of June.
Am I cooking soup?
The termite just want to sleep.
You fried milkfish.
I'd say you did well.
How was your week?
Where did he come from?
The mosquito didn't know what you were trying to do.
She did not eat.
The bitter gourd is red.
The students are studying.
Classification The importance of the cell is necessary in the classification of bacteria in the shape of the cell.
I want to buy a whale shark.
He often eats squash to be healthy.
Please remove your shoes before going inside the house.
You are better than a warrior.
how much do four radish cost?
Some kittens are not lucky.
He came down to breakfast.
The lizard love you.
You are an uncle.
My elder brother takes seven medicines every evening.
I am tired of spinning.
The cow learns from the others cows.
The cat's match was intense.
I've lived here since I was a kid.
I want to sell four papaya.
He is looking for him.
The chamomile is dead.
Tom certainly seemed to enjoy the party last Friday night.
You bet.
The main functions of these regions are to allow the cells to replicate the chromosome ends with the telomerase ensaym because the normal replication proteins of the DNA are not able to copy the extreme 3 chromosomes.
The lemon is juicy.
Who is the owner of that?
I like to buy four small soursops.
August twenty-nine is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
I get only five days off this summer.
I love my mom.
He emphasized the importance of peace.
Tom likes spicy foods, his favorite is bicol express.
There are cheap food that are very filling.
in the New Testament.
My nephew is looking for a small violet watch.
Are you opposed to a break now and then?
The lizards stopped the music.
He has infection in his left elbow.
Did you buy breakfast?
You ate vegetables?
The star apple is big.
We must leave early.
She will eat watermelon to have beautiful skin.
During the first day of work, you'd asked me a question.
You can cook the dessert.
She has swelling in her left breast.
I like having sex with beautiful girls.
We got involved in a traffic accident.
You have been sold buko pies.
In prokaryotes, DNA is found inside an irregular body shape in the cytoplasm called nucleoid.
She takes nine drugs for her disease.
I burn books.
A lot of people from this generation want success to chase them.
Did you see my wallet?
Some turtles have never been in a war.
He said that the drug will come from Japan.
Success The evolution of organisms occurs through changes in archery properties.
She massaged him.
You should help, too.
Twenty kilograms.
It will be December 7 next week.
Couple of zeroes less, and it's still a sizeable income.
My mother takes seven medicines every evening.
I will eat a brownie.
What are you listening to?
My father is looking for a small red shirt.
I threw it already.
The prince cow fights the guards.
The two jellyfishes split up.
I accidentally ate your meat.
said that there is coming a time of tribulation.
The place is big.
It cost 400,000!
She broke his arm.
I resigned after a year.
Yesterday is December 6.
Tom won't eat meat.
Make wise choice, don't be stupid.
Did you find him?
The students studied.
Some elephants felt jealous.
If September 18 is Saturday,.
You are rinsing the ingredients.
Form two lines.
The jackfruit is weird.
The rat know companies are looking for work.
Can i ask for a discount for the fish?
Cook pork.
Steven Anderson: People in the past might.
I want to buy one guava.
You just bought breakfast.
I want to buy a lima bean.
I like to buy three small bananas.
We are sick.
This isn't suicide, but murder.
The turtle attack from behind.
December twelve is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
They ate peppers.
Most tardigrades are smaller than five millimeters.
He has swelling in his heart.
Tomorrow will be October 23.
I only eat meat.
How beautiful!
Since then, modern evolutionary synthesis is further extended to explain biological phenomena in the full and aggressive biological hierarchy scale from genes to species.
Some bulls did not get along.
July sixteen is the date today.
Today is September 18.
He has infection in his right testicle.
how much do seven sugar apple cost?
There is also a disease known as water in the kidney.
I gazed at the sea for a number of hours.
You cooked pork.
Professor Samuel Haughton of Dublin claims "all that is new to them is not true and the truth is old."
March fifteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Tom quietly closed the bedroom door.
What Tom ate was delicious.
I still have a lot to do.
He's planning to buy a bed before November 5.
My sister is looking for large blue pants.
Tom has information that Mary needs.
May I go to the comfort room?
After a while, the baby fell asleep.
I have seen as much before now.
Is that fourth computer broken?
She will make salad.
Let us all remember the wounds of the past.
There are many red marks on your paper.
We will move to a new office.
He will throw away.
Why does it have to be them who will be cooking for the celebration?
The bicycle competition is near.
I'll explain it later.
I live in Ecuador.
Mary's lunch was shawarma.
Nobody is there right now.
Pastor Jimenez: The reason people think that.
I leave home early.
Do you still have fish?
The melon is long.
Its only just March.
Sorry, we are out of popcorn.
We are eating greasy food.
Just think, I shall soon finish my grammar!
Please fry hotdog.
I need to get there tomorrow.
He was not able to eat.
It is essential that some kind of compromise be reached between Pyongyang and Washington.
The nut is ugly.
My big sister is excited to swim.
March eleven is the date today.
There is no discount for the cuttlefish?
Yesterday is September 10.
Hug your mother.
He is leaving her food.
apple is cheaper.
This is made from Italian leather!
Go here on November 11.
This second chair on the right is broken.
I went to school.
how much does one million soursoup cost?
Do you still have mung bean sprouts?
It's more fun in Israel.
You can cook adobo.
He is grilling the corn.
If it's not yet November 28,.
Give an example of verbs.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Ecuador.
She needs medicine.
They require an examination.
He eats pineapple to avoid sickness.
We will talk of it later.
In others, some bacteria do not grow in oxygen called anaerobes.
Where are the chalks supposed to be?
October 7 is the day of his death.
Cats are mysterious.
November 12 is Thursday.
We usually sleep in this room.
Morning of December 2.
Will you please come to see me soon and take me to the theater?
how much does one hundred crab cost?
The blackberry is perfect.
Go here on December 23.
This is not my fault.
From where is this deepwater red snapper?
Is there any sugar?
I hope everybody is happy.
The cave collapsed.
My uncle is looking for a large magenta bag.
For fundamentalists, the scientific point of view that modern humans are moving from ancient ancestors (ancestors) who are also ancestors of chimpanzees, gorillas and others are opposites or mistakes in their interpretation that man is special created by god.
Do you believe in God?
She is boiling the beef.
Did I cook adobo?
Is this fresh red onions?
I did not think of that.
I wish I was kidding.
They sold buko pies.
Leave me alone!
Where can I buy duck eggs?
Here is your change.
How much does it cost to eat dinner at a hotel in your country?
I learned nothing.
I will eat this food.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary's past.
how much do ten onion cost?
It is forty four minutes past three.
This is a bit too tight around my neck.
From where is this deepbody sardinella?
March eight is the date today.
My father got married in his twenties.
My uncle is looking for small yellow shorts.
Fried peanuts with garlic is delicious.
We ate at my grandfather's house.
But now I had made my home by the shore.
I want grapes in my food.
The taro is artificial.
In my hostel were eleven travelers: an Alaskan couple who worked on an exploration vessel in Antarctica,.
What are the things am I bringing?
how much do fourteen radish cost?
The taro is colorful.
I had no work yesterday.
The lettuce is cooked.
The dogs work harder in volleyball.
The worms say that he's still alive.
Will you be able to finish this on time?
It is the only the two of us.
He will eat a vegetable.
How many pieces of long-jawed mackarel?
The melon is beautiful.
You should not have joined.
I vow to not think of naked girls in my class.
I hoped that I was good at multitasking.
I love you, Tom.
What do you think this sentence means?
From where is this water spinach?
Where is the money?
Can you watch me?
They need to go to the ER.
He is praising the surgeon.
The corn is bitter.
He lost his money last November 18.
They jogged for 3 minutes.
She returned in a few minutes and helped me put away my things.
I get up early in the morning.
There is a list of ingredients that we need to buy.
The moringga is illegal.
It is so cold when the aircon is turned on.
He was a charming travelling companion.
Yesterday is my daughter's birthday.
The okra is weird.
Morning of October 16.
The scorpion have to get the laundry dried.
Is there any discount for the taro?
Yesterday is December 14.
September 11 is Tuesday.
I do not like mud fish.
My niece is looking for medium yellow shoes.
September 23 is Monday.
His spouse asked him to go to Italy to consult a doctor.
Does someone here speak Japanese?
The fruits are being eaten by us.
My mother bought paper.
Cnidaria 10,000 types.
They are helping with the construction of museums.
My right knee is numb.
We will boil the corn.
Coconuts are hard.
Animals are sad when locked up in a cage.
You were wise not to follow his advice.
I bought a fruit.
In all of my travels, I have never encountered people quite like the Burmese.
He will fry pork.
I'm good at this.
He dropped in at my house last night.
We went out for a walk after dinner.
He was a workhorse of an employee.
We passed away.
Too far!
You will get sick if you don't stop that.
Many hens have never escaped the building.
everybody has one and doesn't even think.
You will fry fish.
My nephew is looking for large brown pants.
Do you have the list of books to buy?
The banana is special.
Let?╟╓s meet on December 15.
I think mine has that pork belly in there that makes me happy.
We found him alive.
I made the leche flan.
The lizard can tell you that it didn't happen.
Lapu-Lapu City, Cebu is rich in Philippine history.
The ginger is weird.
It has been raining since Sunday.
All eyes on me.
Is she your friend?
One of the elephants went to a great school.
I bought a brownie.
He attended any class he liked.
We will get confused with what he said.
She said that the drug will come from France.
Can you measure it?
A lot of jellyfishes do not need maintenance.
Nagsisimula pa lang ang party.
how much is eight kilos of bottle gourd?
My father takes a bath before supper.
Many young women in their 20s plan to go abroad during their summer holidays.
Any minute now Darian's going to beat down your door.
The princess was hidden in the tower.
The magnolia is tasteless.
If November 3 is Saturday,.
My father is looking for a medium yellow sweater.
A 3D printer costs around ten thousand pesos.
I'd like to buy climbing perch.
The rabbit enters a room.
I came earlier than her.
Is this fresh tamarind?
He is a drug lord.
Here is my pencil, take it.
The whale did see him.
i generally come forward if im guilty.
She eats tomato to have beautiful skin.
She is strict with time.
My mother is looking for small green shorts.
September six is the date today.
A moment later everyone had drawn up round the crowd of dogs.
You fried chicken.
Can you fry garlic?
I have butter.
is the new embodiment of the Dalai Lama.
I already got Mary to eat.
My father is looking for a small black watch.
The crocodile was lenient.
He likes eating watermelon that is why he is healthy.
The baby camel like strong people.
We ate some apples.
how much is six kilos of milkfish?
My mother is looking for a large green pajama.
Every May.
I will try to use my hands to eat.
The dog went home to the province.
Look, they have canceled your suspension order.
While there are no classes.
the Philippines may have been visited by humans several thousand years ago.
His father is good in cooking lunch.
We should not be afraid to ask.
December 18 is Monday.
That third table is broken!
How much for mung bean sprouts?
27th day of June.
My dad is the best.
Why is it that you're always late?
how much do fourteen tamarind cost?
I like to buy two small string beans.
When can I go home?
Yet I can show you where the Bible point blank.
My niece is looking for a large magenta sweater.
The squid do not want to rest.
Thank God I didnt know enough Spanish to respond in kind to the imagined insult.
Do some research on this.
Buy one kilogram of rice.
Can a two-year-old boy run that fast?
I'm traveling light.
If you are crying twenty-four times in twenty-four minutes,.
Can i ask for a discount for the oxeye scad?
The bear does not want to share it's honey.
It was invented at your daughter's wedding so it'll be an honor.
Is there any discount for the pork?
Her uncle is good in cooking breakfast.
I ate your donut.
Do you want to ride a jeep?
How many pieces of cooking oil?
sheep of the family.
You were singing a different song a few hours ago?
How old are you?
how much is two kilos of squash?
He teaches well.
Drink your milk.
I had a big breakfast.
of the earth and of the sea! for the devil.
The mosquitoes did not keep their word.
Yesterday is December 13.
Is there any discount for the fish sauce?
The tomato is costly.
The sesame is unripe.
The lemon is bent.
The turnip is dirty.
A surge in work-related deaths is forcing Japan to take a hard look at its office culture.
All these computers in the middle are broken.
Journalists should include quotes from actual witnesses.
He cut cheese.
She also dances.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Romania.
Chicks are yellow.
Morning of September 13.
She has swelling in her right eye.
You ate a vegetable?
Men must be free to do as they believe.
I guess I'll see you later.
You haven't washed your hands yet, have you?
He was fierce like a wolf.
That is not going to happen.
What was given to us was wrong.
The rice is sour.
He feels better.
He is calling me.
Are you going to Petersburg tomorrow?
I should have listened more carefully.
I prefer to travel in my car.
She came tearing upstairs a few minutes ago.
The car is red.
are you selling octopus?
She is brushing her hair.
The lizard eats its tail.
I'd like to buy goby fish.
My ESL teacher's always giving detentions.
The deer is attending classes.
I brought some food.
(Revelation 13:16-18) And he causeth all.
how much do seventy malay apple cost?
He heard a slight difference in the shape of shells of turtles showing which islands they originated but failed to collect them even after eating the turtles brought on board as food.
The second chair on the left is broken.
turnip is the cheapest.
Give up and let go.
Over the next few years while intimately assuming geology and transmutation of species, he gave a profoundly religious thought and publicly discussed it with Emma that beliefs came from study and inquiry.
But the evil goats are not yet done.
Your plane is delayed by forty five minutes.
I found a good Mexican restaurant.
It has been nineteen hours since I have trousers.
squash is very expensive.
Everybody hurts.
There are food already served on the table.
They already ate.
how much do thirteen onion cost?
There is no discount for the jasmine rice?
Is what were doing going somewhere?
Tom gets bored quickly.
I went to a haunted house.
The hen is holding the fruit.
This book is not available in Japan.
I bought food from the canteen.
The price of this car is very high.
shrimp is cheaper.
I do not want to eat there.
Miss, why does your fries seem to be too salty?
She just made cheeses.
He came back before eight.
I was gone for a day.
lima bean is getting more expensive.
May I have a napkin, please?
He is steaming rice.
I want to sell three tomato.
How much for giant freshwater prawn?
Please remain at your spot.
They fought last September 15 because of money.
How much for giant freshwater prawn?
Microbes play a big role in our immune system.
He will go here on September 29.
Eat local products.
I like to buy six small chili peppers.
The horses require wings.
I went out to eat.
All bees have a helmet.
They think.
Should we eat first?
It's unlikely that anyone other than Tom would be interested in buying this.
Some cats got overshadowed by the generation of miracles.
The color of the rose is red.
Are they buying supper right now?
My nephew is looking for a large grey shirt.
I will go down.
I like to buy eight big onions.
She will fry the chicken.
The exam is easy.
You can fry smoked meat.
We gave him a blood test.
The coconut is famous.
How much for propane tank?
If interested, send your resume to this email address.
I will buy clothes later.
The chairs on the right are broken!
We ran out of scotch tapes.
August six is the date today.
is used.
The sunflower is perfect.
The taro is unripe.
My father is looking for medium black pants.
The mushroom is sweet.
The watermelon is green.
just show up at the post office.
The spider makes friends.
I live in Gambia.
All the kids are jumping.
The chocolates are being eaten by us.
Paint the walls white.
You must eat.
You are cooking the lunch.
The turtle hits an apple.
The general was deserted by his allies.
and he is going to do all these signs and.
I will call my uncle later.
I hugged him.
Two weeks.
There's a new food place near EEE.
Dear Lord,my heart now is so bleary.
Couldn't you ask simply?
But I thought we had to be at Sarah's house by 6:30 for her surprise birthday party.
We sometimes go for a drive.
This second table on the left is broken.
Something to chew on.
I'm cold.
There are may tourists going to Boracay.
You grilled milkfish.
This miniature replica looks a bit off.
The sesame is prohibited.
Our own language should be loved.
Where is the crimson snapper?
The monkeys say that the cat came to brazil.
I ate vegetables.
Cabbage is nutritious.
We put up the flags on national holidays.
We went to his appointment.
Can i ask for a discount for the cassava?
You will be bringing a pair of glasses.
We?≥re all God?≥s children.
He will sell meats.
I ate already?
I'll have a tuna sandwich and a bowl of soup.
The watermelon is heavy.
RNA-based DNA polymerases are specialized classes of polymers that copy the DNA sequence of DNA strands.
Will the airport close in May?
how much do four manila bean cost?
Owen claims that the brain's anatomy proves that people separate biological orders from the ape showed Huxley's error in a long-standing dispute that Kinsgley borrowed as the "Great Hippocampus Question" and refuted Owen .
I read a book last Monday.
She needs local anesthetic for the operation.
Don't be nervous!
I tried to kiss Mary.
She can talk.
The day she met him he had been riding on the road.
He has been tarrying for sixteen minutes at the next ATM.
This drug is for your health.
You will fry the tofu.
Tossing hurts others.
My aunt is looking for a medium green sweater.
When's the  date of the concert?
My father is looking for a large violet shirt.
You are the new chairman of the railway corporation.
My baby began crying, asking for milk.
I am doing it now.
I got your letter yesterday.
Toss at it now.
When do you usually eat lunch?
I want to sell two tamarind.
He cooked adobo.
Nawawala ang salamin ko.
How many pieces of pepper?
How much for shrimp scad?
My aunt is looking for a small blue bag.
I am studying that.
Did you sleep peacefully?
He ate bitter food.
I won't go with you.
I had a cold for two weeks.
You were supposed to drink milk.
The moringga is expensive.
I'd like a money order for ten dollars.
You just sold chocolates.
My uncle is looking for small blue shorts.
The firefly joins the pirate.
He needs blood.
I can see the tower from where I stand.
The cupcakes will be eaten by us.
He eats radish because he wants to be healthy.
There is no discount for the water spinach?
The rabbit sets off.
You are drinking your wine.
Don't bother carrying anything heavy.
The soursop is prohibited.
I am grilling fish.
The beetle's family prepare for the worst.
Goats have horns.
how much do fourteen luffa cost?
I'll be back as soon as I can.
My sister is looking for small grey clothes.
My shoelaces are untied.
The boy must have broken the window.
There is no delicious fruit to a person who just brush their teeth recently.
Eighteen kilograms.
abducted child.
September 13 is Tuesday.
It will snow tomorrow.
He is frying the fish.
The mosquitoes wouldn't tell me the truth.
The camel is electrocuted.
They are fighting for appropriate wages.
What is the cheapest place to eat that you know?
They can stand on their own feet.
I should have drunk coffee earlier!
He has one son.
The dog is watching.
They gave him medicine.
When life spins out of control, just let your lips roll.
We will find another way.
Wasn't Tom here earlier today?
The mango is raw.
He fried chicken.
how much is one kilo of tomato?
I saw Tom a short time ago.
I lost my thirty-two table tennis at 1:00 AM.
Where is the chico?
The lice wish the lice were a bird.
I have meat.
My wife is beautiful.
She is drinking our fruit shake.
Stay by my side and do not leave me alone.
My uncle is looking for medium grey pants.
June three is the date today.
I want to punch him!
The centipede looks at the centipede's body.
This sentence is in the present tense.
Francis Collins, the former Human Genome Project director, also includes evolutionist scientists.
He was given a vaccine.
I can't go to Recto alone.
Brother Felix now says I can read almost as well as he.
Are you okay?
Some years have already passed.
There are many fishes in the sea.
The turtles team has to get a message.
how much do three crab cost?
She finished elementary.
the price of rambutan is getting cheaper.
Some minutes have already passed.
It's sunny all month long except last November 1.
They will make cheeses.
February six is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
The trees are swaying.
The students are currently on holiday.
My uncle is looking for small black clothes.
The soursop is small.
The other jellyfishes do not notice a thing.
Will you study tomorrow?
We can stay within these walls.
I think you still haven't eaten enough.
October 26 is Monday.
Swimming is not allowed in this river.
I should not have wasted my time.
Bacterial Photosynthesis Respiration Bacteria, like other organisms, require energy for their livelihood.
They will prepare the dish.
Did it rain last September 12.
I watch videos from my phone.
The cheap meats were eaten by us.
These are just challenges.
I came to apologize for what happened yesterday.
The radish is yellow.
Her eyes hurt.
16th day of May.
I didn't know you were seeing someone.
The storm damages the cockroach's boat.
My bicycle was stolen.
I don't like fried food.
Aren't you sleepy?
I do not like bitter food.
She took the book back to the library.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Saudi Arabia.
He has swelling in his shoulders.
May 15th.
You'll miss dinner.
He has tumor in his shoulder.
We will soak it in broth.
Ask which way to go.
An eighty peso meal is expensive.
She buys three drugs for her disease.
It's sunny all month long except last October 13.
The garlic is costly.
I didnt want to get lost or attacked by dogs all alone.
Bilimbis are delicious.
I am eating a vegetable.
I came early in school.
i regularly check the weather.
Her tongue is sore.
Where are you?
Our meeting afforded interesting information.
His time is still long.
As the minutes ticked by with no immediate rescue, they moved their bike into a scrap of shade.
My sister prefers to walk.
You are buying breakfast, right?
My aunt is looking for a medium green shirt.
Everybody had something to bring to the group:.
He found a hospital.
She has tumor in her left kidney.
Litter around the area increased.
Her parents asked her to go to Egypt to medicine there.
There are four years of high school.
Cross at the proper crossing.
Is this fresh fish?
I speak French.
how much do eighty rambutan cost?
how much do ten whale shark cost?
Sometimes, I wish I didn't procrastinate.
They shot him yesterday.
She buys eleven drugs for her disease.
I like to buy four big crabs.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Armenia.
They have had three tests in the last week.
This park reminds me of my childhood.
It hurts.
My shirt is too small.
Her favorite is food.
From where is this celery?
I look forward to it.
He went to bed early.
Kuya's nape is swelling.
I work in a hospital.
My elder brother takes twelve medicines every evening.
You are eating the meat.
How much for watercress?
Red is my favorite color.
The lemon is sweet.
Tom won the race with that car.
Spicy food tortures my tongue.
Mary's favorite food is pancit.
The shrimp forms a group.
Sentences in books are long.
I need a minute to cool down.
The pirate cockroach wants to make money.
They fried hotdog.
Where is the mirror?
Mary bought sixteen apples.
Ten minutes later Lavrushka brought the coffee.
This first computer on the right is broken!
She will eat eggplant because she wants to be healthy.
My sister is looking for a large cyan bag.
a man in power.
The time given to us was not enough.
How will you get to the library?
How much for yellowtail scad?
It's been a while since I've tasted the Ice Krushers of KFC.
It's too late to help Tom.
I need that.
Yesterday is September 26.
He ran from the dormitory quickly.
I want to buy four papaya.
Is this first chair on the left is broken?
I like to buy eight big chili peppers.
If you are laughing thirty-five times in thirty-five months,.
Today is October 29.
We printed several copies of the document for distribution.
The carabaos have a bicycle completion.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Papua New Guinea.
I won't eat lunch today.
Keep it simple.
It's already September 3!.
The apple is tasteless.
The orchid is blue.
I want to buy five whale shark.
Leafy green vegetables may hold even more health benefits than previously thought.
I like to buy four small potatoes.
I ate her cupcake.
The swan faces a strong swan.
Will you all be here tomorrow?
You can cook vegetables.
The scorpion wouldn't have thought.
My favorite food is vegetable pochero.
Erase it.
Three more days, they told us.
The Philippines became part of the Spanish Empire for more than 300 years.
Did you need time away from me?
She has class tomorrow.
how much does a million black plum cost?
I believe we will see the day when food is like that.
There is an exception to every rule.
Where's my food?
I made breakfast.
He has depression.
He will eat cabbage to strengthen his immune system.
Excuse me, do you know what time it is?
The shark is floating.
It is difficult to lose a lung.
He sold meats.
There are only few people running outdoors now.
I will leave home early.
It's been three years since I've seen Tom.
They ate already?
Working independently does not mean working in isolation.
We will be going online to communicate with each other.
In ten minutes the table was ready.
November fourteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Tests start tomorrow so I am bringing home all my books.
Can i ask for a discount for the annatto seed?
How much for climbing perch?
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
Where are your parents?
He needs to undergo operation on his knee.
Sit down and take it easy for a while.
The taro is fresh.
(You dont have to give him booms).
Believe it or not, I can actually draw.
They are creepier than I expected.
We might be wrong.
Morning of September 28.
You are frying the fish.
how much do twenty rambutan cost?
You do not need a degree in computer science to be part of this industry.
The lychee is fresh.
The weird sheep has powers.
Can you fry the hotdog?
They cooked rice.
How much for the anchovy?
The radish is raw.
Chocolates need to be put inside a refridgerator so they don't melt.
My sister is looking for medium brown pants.
Where is the flounder?
Now, there is talk of war.
What time is lunch?
They cooked the lunch.
to mess with us.
The eagles are always hard up for food.
It can be removed through the cell membrane incision.
Is the second computer in the middle is broken?
The cat likes its tea bitter.
Is this fresh moonfish?
I do not like this day.
The mosquitoes work too much.
He will eat cucumber because he wants to be healthy.
He eats eggplant to strengthen his bones.
I'll eat standing up.
I want to buy a meat.
It has been forty-eight minutes since I have eleven.
Let's postpone dinner.
The radish is cooked.
She eats apple to lose weight.
RD is such a big pervert.
I fell asleep while reading.
Look at the stars.
The watermelon is blue.
An example is the herbaceous Anthoxanthum odoratum which may undergo extracellular specimens in response to localized metal pollution from mines.
Are they arriving next Monday?
He has pain in his elbows.
I like to buy four small mandarin oranges.
August eleven is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Tom has to go to court tomorrow.
Can I touch it?
The President dictated in front of the podium.
Seven hundred thousand pesos.
It is painful for my eyes to read when it is dark.
He left three days ago.
During the whole week she spent in this way, that feeling grew every day.
I don?╟╓t eat pork.
The turtle is just.
She got me to buy a buko pie.
How many boys in the class?
Can you get the pumpkin?
This is my eye.
My grandfather takes one medicine every afternoon.
We entered the hospital.
Our father is good in cooking breakfast.
My brother is looking for large red clothes.
Let us focus first on the big ones.
He needed to undergo operation on his right kidney.
Well, I am not really concerned about doing badly.
I never failed in class, yet when I got to work, my best was suddenly not good enough.
The table is made of wood.
We just sliced breads.
What's your favorite perfume?(.
That is it for this day.
I'll come back later.
Worse, this wasn't anything close to the original plan.
He sold his guitar last November 28.
You can fry garlic.
Where is the emperor fish?
Mary spread the big map on the table.
She has tumor in her knees.
My father takes eight medicines every evening.
At 6:00 PM, there are thirty-five elder brother at the next police station.
a cheery English couple, and a Danish guy traveling solo.
It's a question of taste.
i grow apart with someone after a year of not talking.
He needs medicine for his left lung.
Grass grows everywhere.
They have much to live for.
My sister is looking for large yellow pants.
How much sugar do you put in your tea or coffee?
I can help you.
He's eating an apple.
My daughter takes three medicines every evening.
She hurt her elbow when she fell down.
Some swans have spirits.
Dead plants will become coal.
The scorpions' training is over.
book is mine! Every chapter.
Soy sauce is used for a condiment of chicken inasal.
You'll go to school tomorrow.
Are you married?
how much is six kilos of mango?
An extreme case is the eusocality found in insects that engage in such as bees, tails and birds where insect infestations feed and watch over a small number of organisms in the colony to multiply.
I expect that Tom will pass the exam.
The mosquitoes discovered that Westerners can express anything.
Not now.
Success is now defined by creating.
Food is not allowed inside the laboratory.
Where are the rulers kept?
how much does a melon cost?
They saw a doctor.
He will eat pomelo to strengthen his immune system.
That whale weighs a ton.
There are flowers on the floor.
These conventions are usually the only molecular fossils although they sometimes sometimes serve as raw material for the creation of new genes through the process of genetic and derivational processes.
The quality of his craftsmanship is still inferior, however.
I've lived here since 1991.
My father is looking for small magenta shorts.
You can put anything in fried rice.
We had a wonderful holiday in Sweden.
December 4 is Thursday.
Can you cook the chicken adobo?
Please move the chair. It's in the way.
I like to buy five small watermelons.
The pencil is short.
There's no answer to the question on why are you important.
Fold it like this.
Am I cooking pork?
Everything I tried to be just wouldn't settle in.
He is on his way.
My wound was cleaned.
They are eating vegetables.
I will cook rice.
We grilled milkfish.
Let me know if this is yours.
The cat is under the table.
I don't speak very well.
He is eating sushi for breakfast.
His body will get stronger if he eats squash.
That was the first time she had said it to anyone.
Let's go early, shall we?
Overthinking doesn't help.
The soursop is valuable.
There was a lion that is special for being strong.
They went to the grocery store.
Let's buy food outside.
Afternoon of September 5.
June 8th.
The wolf already saw it.
Did you accompany me?
I want to go on a vacation next year in Bolivia.
The fastest way to travel is by plane.
My grandfather takes seven medicines every evening.
Tom had meat loaf and mashed potatoes for dinner.
This is the first time.
The first table on the right is broken!
I live in South Korea.
He is eating meat.
They said that the drug will come from Spain.
When did this happen?
I like to buy three small bottle gourds.
The cucumber is reserved.
He will talk.
That can still be fixed.
No noshing in the dark.
There are many eating places inside UP.
I'll give you either of these stamps.
He took off his hat.
I wish I could travel around the world.
He is in the hospital because of his spine.
He will prepare the ingredients of the dish.
How disgusting!
Is October 30 Friday.
Did you finish the exam?
Ten years later, in Somalia, the last natural case of smallpox occurred.
Yesterday is September 6.
My mother is looking for a medium grey sweater.
I have been here since five o'clock.
Our clinic is clean.
The mung bean is fragrant.
She likes another man.
Leaves sing on their branches.
I love this place.
She is showering him.
I have lived in Bristol since 1984.
For 50 years, it has been resistant to 52 chemical compounds used in insecticides including cyanide.
I like to buy seven big mandarin oranges.
The food at Mang Inasal tastes good.
to give the store your ultimate identity.
This is the most difficult job I've taken.
I have a fish.
I havent updated it in too long, but it does the basics of letting me record how much Im spending and on what.
How much for chinese celery?
She needs to undergo operation on her right elbow.
My grandfather is good in cooking dinner.
The watermelon is black.
My uncle drives a very old car.
What did you bring?
I've been learning Tagalog for 1 mont.
Accompany her instead.
I am reading now.
His mother asked him to go to China to consult a doctor.
She has to pay her hospital bill.
Be there at noon.
She now understood what had happened to him two days before.
Your dad's recovered.
I am done eating.
His hair was long last year.
I got a letter with a train ticket inside.
I am a vegetarian.
May 16th.
I am the fastest reader.
Honesty is not always the best policy.
I will write next Wednesday.
Fry chicken.
Will he buy breakfast?
Let?╟╓s meet on October 21.
Ordinary food.
Who broke the window? Tell the truth.
Do you have anything further to say?
My son takes two medicines every morning.
She is done eating popcorn.
pre-tribulation rapture position.
He made the gravy a stew.
The blackberry is tasteless.
Where is the copy located?
The starfruit is beautiful.
If you are losing five times in five years,.
Did you cook chicken?
Summer is coming.
Vasili Dmitrich is staying a day longer for my sake!
The main stage of the economy involves extraction (extraction) and production of raw materials such as corn, wood and iron.
The cherry is delicious.
Do you pray?
The students listened to the teacher quietly.
The squid think it was intentional.
The seagulls all sat.
Rice is sold by the kilogram.
the morning was without a cloud.
September 30 is Tuesday.
Please cook beef.
What did you do during the holidays?
We are visiting him.
I need tape to paste this announcement to the wall.
March twenty-six is the date today.
how much do eleven pork cost?
How many pieces of climbing perch?
You carry too much stuff in your purse.
I like my school.
There are bananas that can be cooked.
It is well.
Bird According to a March 2013 report, Cliff swallows (Petrochelidon pyrrhonota) have shorter shafts to survive on road vehicles.
She did not cheat.
He plays tennis.
The dog passed out because it was drunk.
I am studying public health.
It took only half a shift for me to stop romanticizing the job.
He was supposed to drink water.
Do you still have celery?
The pomelo is sticky.
My sister is looking for small cyan pants.
My aunt is looking for a large brown sweater.
She is neither skinny nor fat.
Vaccines have saved a number of lives.
Mangoes are yellow when ripe.
The cow gives the king cow an apple.
The monstrous wave Swayze was riding crashed shut on him, and he was gone.
I was there once.
There's cotton candy being sold at Ever Gotesco.
I see fire.
Can i ask for a discount for the parrotfish?
I will accompany you in the darkness.
from heaven on the earth in the sight of men.
I wasn't even halfway through the drink when I felt dizzy.
There are many farming families associated on the community.
Maybe I would decline.
I lost my thirty-one granddaughter at 12:00 PM.
Let us count the stars together.
All these computers on the right are broken!
how much do sixty lanzones cost?
You will drink their sprite.
Look.
My uncle is looking for a large violet sweater.
The oregano is dusty.
The rival carabao has lots of experience.
My favorite animal is butterfly.
November nine is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
It is raining extremely hard.
The dogs blame the cats.
Now then, niece!
They ate eggs.
You can boil the egg for two minutes.
I already drank coffee.
There is no discount for the tilapia?
tenth in line.
We are in denial.
The monkeys liked large cars.
September 6 is the day of his death.
My sister took the bus.
August 20th.
My husband dove for the phone.
The cupcake will be eaten by him.
Who do you usually eat dinner with?
The meats are being eaten by you.
She didn't experience a prosperous life again after she got addicted to gambling.
The bare-chested portraitist reclines as if sunbathing,.
The deer's bestfriend arrives to school.
My aunt is looking for large white clothes.
They want to exercise.
How many pieces of slipper lobster?
The mustard is ugly.
My aunt is looking for small orange clothes.
Don't be late for school.
Being stubborn?
The ant has a bestfriend.
Can I prepare duck?
But also frequently visited by the tourists is their zip line that I have also already tried.
My older brother's favorite is bitter melon omelette.
Where did you buy that?
Did I fry chicken?
There is food on the table.
The baby camel cries easily.
How long do you want it for?
This turkey tastes good.
You can also crush a chili in it to make it spicy.
Her father is good in cooking lunch.
It's almost midnight.
I know where you're going.
The onion is slippery.
Major parts of anatomy are the anatomical comparisons and the human anatomy.
What do you want more, waffle or pancake?
prepare the ingredients of the dish.
My aunt is looking for large magenta clothes.
I'm hungry already.
The butterfly won't lose!
Some fireflies do not know what to do.
The cow is delicious.
He's the one who always provided me with a helping hand every time I'm in need.
Who is good at singing?
Go here on October 28.
The squid love you with all my heart.
He eats guava to strengthen his bones.
We will chop the vegetables.
The computers are broken!
How long will this cold weather last?
I'm meeting my mother at the airport tomorrow.
They're early.
I am eating a bread.
The puppy's ball is blue.
We're leaving tonight.
You're one narrow minded individual.
Someone is calling for help.
What are you doing right now?
We wrote already.
I haven't seen Tom since high school.
of the entire world who is known as the antichrist.
They left the dentist.
The only thing remaining is for me to urinate outside.
The moth was lenient.
Have these rice ground.
Some shrimp are hairy.
I will go to the doctor because my blood pressure is high.
The cat dented the car.
how much do seventy papaya cost?
The garlic is expensive.
Anybody else?
He paid me.
Once I reached the other side of the valley, I looked for the best angle to take a photo.
The coconut is delicious.
The wolf was vaccinated against the flu.
I skipped dinner.
We ate chocolates.
I let Tom drive my car.
You will steam the rice.
He talked on the phone an hour ago.
Can i ask for a discount for the whiting fish?
Did you do your work?
The lice walked about a mile.
The cat is eating a turnip.
August 5th.
Are you going with me?
She can read.
It will be September 29 next week.
Grilled squid is easy to prepare.
There were even guards at the gate.
I bought this book yesterday.
The tomato is effective.
The pumpkin is wet.
Is this fresh lettuce?
What they did was not right.
I told Tom to come early.
My mother takes two medicines every morning.
You are cooking breakfast.
Have you ever seen Tom when he's angry?
The majority of bacteria in our body are considered to be harmful because of the effect of the immune system, and some help.
She fried pork.
My niece is looking for medium cyan shoes.
That fourth chair is broken.
The ant lose.
Ang lahat ng tao sa mundo ay kumakain ng pagkain.
Is this fresh snail?
I want to go on a vacation next year in Pakistan.
Where is the goby fish?
ginger is getting more expensive.
Do you still have mackarel?
We followed the doctor.
She will study medicine in Spain.
There is no discount for the shore crab?
I will write a letter.
I have many Esperanto-speaking friends.
The monkey didn't think anything was suspicious.
Noon of October 30.
bitter gourd is not that expensive.
Tom doesn't have to get up early tomorrow.
Morning of October 17.
Tom worked from dawn to dusk.
She agreed to the conditions of our temporary partnership.
Did he buy breakfast?
I will go on Monday.
how much does one billion meat cost?
He has infection in his brain.
Where is the napa cabbage?
My aunt is looking for a medium grey watch.
It may possibly be fine tomorrow.
Take care of the house.
We don't know if he's alive.
Her neck is sore.
The Art of War was written by Sun Tzu.
The magnolia is sticky.
I am copying.
Some lions are better than other lions.
Morning of September 25.
I answered the homework.
I am now prohibited to drink milk.
My niece is looking for large black shorts.
I barely passed.
The dogs are friendly.
The residents are protesting against the construction of a fish hatchery.
Let's prepare the dish.
My niece is looking for small red shorts.
She was resilient.
The fly just do not think it's possible.
They said that the drug came from Germany.
The lice love you, tom.
I saw you and Tom yelling at each other yesterday.
He eats tamarind to avoid sickness.
I should have drunk water.
The jackfruit is reserved.
He fried dried fish.
All professions, jobs, economic agents or economic activities contribute to the economy.
Do you know my IP address?
Do you still have skipjack tuna?
He always does that for me.
I want to buy one worm.
Kindly hand over the paper clip.
The sweet potato is slippery.
You are a mother.
Is November 15 Friday.
You are not a coward.
Give me a photo.
The lizard had intended to go there.
Her mother is asking her to go to Germany to consult a doctor.
She needs medicine for her fingers.
Tardigrada 800 types.
They listened to their doctor.
Many bees are good at floorball.
It will be September 13 next week.
I will study for the exam next Tuesday.
Tomorrow morning I'll go to Kansas and you can go to Califoria.
how much do twenty crab cost?
You have brought a pair of glasses.
I like Tagalog.
How much for barracuda?
You need to deal with your anger issues.
The cat is eating ice.
It's an acknowledgment of his tangible success.
Did you eat breakfast?
I lost consciousness.
The cashew is famous.
I was hurt when you left me hanging for nothing.
The administration approved the budget.
Be ready in the event an accident occurs.
She is on her way to his doctor.
He has pain in his left knee.
Tom may eat whenever he wants to.
She needs to undergo operation on her hands.
Could I have a sample taste?
She needs to undergo operation on her foot.
I want to sell more banana.
I finished all my work early.
Those chairs on the right are broken!
The cucumber is hard.
It's the same as regular pay.
I like to buy seven big garlics.
Howard and Bernadette are going to have a baby.
This kind of cat doesn't have a tail.
We went there.
Tom drinks.
I wonder if Jordan finds gray hairs in his beard.
He lost his money last October 29.
Tom has lived in Boston since 2003.
Abortions take place around the world.
October 15 is Tuesday.
You are frying hotdog.
how much does one billion kidney bean cost?
I just have to glance at the shelf and memories of elephants and savannahs and wood fires tumble in, along with all their smells and sounds.
One lives in fear, the other in pretense.
Advertising is key to a successful business.
She finished only half.
How much does it cost to take a taxi to Philcoa?
I live in Mongolia.
ninety-eight.
Did they fry fish?
Feelings can also be a reason why people bully.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Belarus.
For your tip, I have information for you.
Tom attached the string to the kite.
We just cooked breakfast.
She can walk.
He is steaming the rice.
The cats protested.
Tom left three days ago.
Hills are smaller than mountains.
Last Friday in April to the first Sunday in May is on April 28 ?╟⌠ May 7.
The cats begged for forgiveness.
My nephew is looking for small grey shoes.
It's sunny all month long except last November 11.
Their aunt is good in cooking lunch.
Will we pass by a place where water is sold?
She peeled the potatoes.
the price of guava is getting cheaper.
Do you really need to take that?
How about me?
The owl must go right away.
I will eat pepper.
Your voice hurts my ears.
Isn't she?
It's already December 15!.
I am on my way to her doctor.
I had a big lunch.
After I watched TV, I went to bed.
She just chopped vegetables.
The spirit spider joins the spider.
You will sell the cheap meats.
The cucumber is dusty.
has endorsed the messenger before him and.
The pineapple is prohibited.
The number of individual fossils it represents is substantially different from species to species but many millions of fossils have been obtained.
The bear tried to eat its enemy.
I like to buy eight small peppers.
The pepper is costly.
He jumped.
Don't forget about us!
Guns are easy to assemble.
How much for agati flower?
They will use their hands to eat.
Wait for me.
The rabbit steps on sand.
The squid found the picture interesting.
Are you busy tomorrow night?
He sold his guitar last October 23.
What do you recommend?
Some jellyfishes see the jellyfish but cannot capture it.
My apartment is on the ninth floor.
Many turtles are members of a ninja society.
Skills are necessary for the shrimp.
A GPU costs 30,000 pesos nowadays.
I don't to eat anymore, I'm full.
I want to buy a melon.
My today's fortune cookie says that you can make it!.
I'll call Tom tomorrow.
I just want to set you free.
There's nothing to eat.
From where is this squid?
July 14th.
He became rich.
I am now awake.
The jellyfish is scared.
My knee is numb.
I want to sell three turnip.
My father is looking for a medium cyan pajama.
You were the love that I waited for.
The deer loves the baby deer.
Marriage is the last thing on my mind.
He massaged him.
Our elbows are weak.
You hurt me with your words but this is the truth.
Do come and see us tomorrow.
I hear you are taking English lessons.
I want to buy four orange.
The fly met with the dog again on Monday morning.
commit any sin.
Help Jose.
What is your score?
The lettuce is blue.
Persistence pays dividends.
And as I entered my teens in the 80s, I sang everything on offer: Bananarama and Boy George, Rick Springfield and Richard Marx, Oingo Boingo and OMD, Tanya Tucker and Tammy Wynette, Guns N Roses and Quiet Riot.
Is this fifth table broken?
Festival will only last until September 22.
You should start between six and seven.
In small clips and phrases of English they told us that they were University students, one studying chemistry, the other business.
When the food came, picture taking takes place before we eat.
I only hope I'm not too late.
My father is looking for a large blue shirt.
After I graduated from college, I spent two years traveling around the world.
He will write a poem for Hina.
I came in a few minutes later and she told me.
We should eat.
My big brother is scared to swim in the sea.
Why are you telling me that?
Noon of September 14.
not the rapture.
I am getting hungry.
We're studying French and web design.
I have something to say.
She is with his patient.
Is he buying breakfast right now?
The liquors were drank by you.
I lost my forty-one sausage at 8:00 AM.
My father is looking for a medium blue bag.
What kinds of food do you usually eat for lunch?
We are the champions.
We left the dentist.
As I spoke, the children were laughing at my cleverness.
These computers on the right are broken.
I just made cheeses.
Every day the people went upon deck to look out for land.
The Holliday junction is a tetrahedral junction structure that can be moved along the pairs of chromosomes that exchange one strand for another. The recombination reaction clears the jaw cleavage and re-ligands of the released DNA.
I will be seventeen next week.
My dad doesn't like the beach.
They offer trips all over the world, including a monster 40-week circuit of Africa.
She listened to his dentist.
We are scared when the teacher gets angry.
My father is looking for a large orange watch.
My cousin takes six medicines every evening.
He acknowledged my presence with a nod.
Feed your dog already.
How now, Hermit, is it too soon?
The sharks go on their separate ways.
Put down your weapons.
He did not have a list of the guests.
All these computers are broken.
You can fry beef.
Forget it.
January twenty-nine is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Ecuador.
The turtle's team is given a mission.
I go to bed early.
What do you want to do in the future?
He will count.
I go to the clinic frequently.
She has tumor in her right shoulder.
May I call later?
I lost my pencil.
I listen to the teachers.
They said that the drug came from Greece.
The fruit falls to the pirate rabbit.
He was weighed.
You can also eat a cupcake for a snack.
The spider is tired.
They got their disease in the United States.
They have sardines!
Can you cook the chicken?
Tom ate some of my rice while I was away from the table.
There is no perfect thing in the world.
He fried the potatoes.
Tom made up his mind to be a teacher.
A friendly fish appears.
The butterfly went for a walk to get some air.
We used to go skating every weekend.
There is no discount for the fried meatloaf sandwich?
Duke Ludovico Sforza conquers Milan.
Please cook the rice.
They are selling the buko pies.
He kept reading a book.
My aunt is looking for medium white clothes.
I live in China.
I lost my nineteen girlfriend at 2:00 AM.
I invited you.
I adjusted the telescope to my vision.
We are frying the potatoes.
The large dragonfly is a door.
The cockroach's boat is damaged.
Please open your book to the fifth page.
The strawberry is red.
This is our capital for the year 2018.
She is fast.
He is in the hospital because of his elbow.
Tom and Mary are from the same city.
My mother's favorite dish to cook is afritada.
Is it close?
The macaroni that he made taste bad.
Tom has had a bad week.
I am interested.
Does your scarf fly in slow motion?
How many pieces of sugarcane?
The crocodiles can add a literal translation.
My sister is looking for small orange shoes.
Gilbert was soon on his feet again.
I want to be a pilot in the future.
I hate you because you hate me too.
Is there any discount for the cobia?
I still have so many things to do this week.
It will be December 29 next week.
I don't know how old that bridge is.
She just sold vegetables.
Do you want to buy coffee?
?α÷ cup heart of banana.
This lifestyle can sound glamorous.
The cow goes to another city.
I looked for a place where we can eat.
I want to be rich.
The papaya is spicy.
Monkeys are smaller than humans.
The rival carabao has more wins than the carabao.
Maybe you shouldn't eat that.
the price of whale shark is getting cheaper.
Is this first computer on the right is broken?
I disliked balut starting when I learned that people are disgusted by it.
It is time to say goodbye.
I will answer.
I like to buy nine big bottle gourds.
I like eating pesto.
What's the difference between a village and a town?
This is too troublesome!
She is a night taxi driver.
The applicant has a questionable background.
There is no discount for the chub mackarel?
We have lunch at noon every day.
If it's not yet September 4,.
The hens continue to kill evil hens.
I regret not having taken his advice.
rapture comes after the tribulation.
She fried the hotdogs.
I finished my studies.
It will be December 8 next week.
I met with my friends at Marigondon Crossing to go to our destination at the same time.
Are you also already done?
They are going to the hospital.
I gave apple to peter.
I have plans to go to Tokyo tomorrow.
It will be December 10 next week.
October 15 is Wednesday.
A full week passed before we had our answer.
Who did you ask?
Free internet at work is very useful.
What date is it?
I had met her many times before then.
They said that the doctor came from Italy.
Some afternoons, before the busses arrived to take us home, Mrs. Kidd turned on the TV,.
Can we talk?
I do not want to go later.
You can marinate the beef for seven hours.
I just had breakfast with Tom.
I am studious.
She is eating sushi for dinner.
She got the diagnosis.
His mother is asking him to go to France to consult a doctor.
He is jogging for 5 minutes.
My brother is looking for small yellow shoes.
He showed me a lot of beautiful photos.
You know the answer of your question.
I won't let you be hurt by anyone.
Spiders can be spirits.
After breakfast, we went for a walk.
That fresh graduate is competent.
I enrolled in a Deep Learning subject this semester.
The cats trained harder than before.
She passed away.
This is what I want.
She was trembling with fear.
You will chop vegetables.
You will sell brownies.
Where is the book kept?
how much does a million kidney bean cost?
are you selling sardines?
My brother is looking for large cyan shoes.
My sister is not a high school student.
November 17 is the day of his death.
The mushroom is thirsty.
Maybe I will bring my dog today.
Never trust a mountain guide you meet in a bar.
My sister is looking for a large black shirt.
She ate a fruit.
She will prepare the dish.
What is the significance of these lab results?
Tom drank a lot.
The taro is valuable.
Tom is making breakfast.
She has tumor in her left arm.
I like to buy seven small briefs.
There are people dying.
They were given a prescription.
What is the date tomorrow?
We are eating bitter food.
I had enough sense to get out of there.
I will cook fish.
In the end, travelling will always be good for the soul.
The eagles contradict themselves constantly.
Give me the noodles.
I lost my twenty-seven strawberries at 8:00 AM.
He thinks only about himself.
I eat five times a day: breakfast, snacks, lunch, snacks again, and supper.
I was not able to eat.
He has pain in his foot.
The director is sensitive to criticism.
Are you already done?
The cabbage is hot.
how much do seventeen soursoup cost?
He broke his hand.
The bats each received a present.
The termite was out all day.
I called the customer support.
I like to buy eight small chayotes.
This third table is broken.
You are frying potatoes.
The lychee is inadequate.
What is your favorite dish?
The bear's skin is currently being washed.
I have no more medicine.
What's your opinion of the Gulf War?
The bathroom is clean.
Tom had a hectic week.
The sharks can do anything.
She is better at studying.
He is studying medicine in the United States.
No diving.
At 6:00 PM, there are forty-nine silver at the next park.
My nephew is looking for medium cyan shoes.
I will answer the homework.
So I pulled out a 5,000 Kyat note to give to my nose-ring fixer.
We really thank you for your patronage.
My son takes thirteen medicines every morning.
Consequently, he saw small organisms moving, in amazement, he called it animalcules.
There seems to be a mistake.
how much do thirty shark cost?
Can you help us tonight?
This fifth chair is broken.
A funny example: in John 3:21.
The dragonfly can't face the truth.
They demand a car in dowry.
The baby camel likes milk.
He picks up trash.
We are accustomed to wearing shoes.
Go here on October 15.
The cat is bored.
I lost my forty-nine two single beds at 11:00 AM.
May twenty-seven is the date today.
How will you travel to Osaka?
Hindus believe in the concept of the evolution of life in the world.
Once again, interpreting the words literally, I removed various layers of clothes as the elevator carried me down.
You're way too late.
She will eat apple for faster recovery.
Comb your hair properly.
I hear something.
Will you help me look for my purse?
She was trembling with fear when she saw the wolf.
My niece is looking for a small brown watch.
We had to leave quickly.
He takes.
The wooden chair costs sixty libras.
He has infection in his left shoulder.
My grandfather takes five medicines every evening.
Circle and Kurbang Bacteria This is the sixth part of the bacteria containing a family, Spirillaceae, two genera, Spirillum and Campylobacter and four genera unknown apillations, Bdellovibrio, Microcyclus, Pelosigma and Braqchyarcus.
Watermelons are green on the outside.
Bring the water to a boil.
I cannot remember.
The monkeys were scared to do it.
No more cover-ups!
They are on their way to the doctor.
how much does a thousand legumes cost?
The breakfasts that can be bought from Rodics are tasty.
I'd like to buy short mackerel.
crab is the most expensive.
Can i ask for a discount for the brocolli?
There is no discount for the philippine lime?
I want to go somwhere faraway someday.
Mae chose to stay than to transfer to a school that is far from the city.
Will that be all?
She will consult a doctor in China.
The crickets laugh at him behind his back.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Mozambique.
You?╟╓re all I need here when I am at the bottom.
Bilimbis are cheap in the market.
I'll dream about you.
There is still food left.
Don't worry.
It's already November 24!.
It can't be!
Tom sometimes wears a hat.
You drank their shake.
The corn is blue.
how much is seven kilos of milkfish?
how much is a kilo of rambutan?
The five minutes spent with his eyes bandaged seemed to him an hour.
We camped there over the holiday.
Where were they before?
We glided along a shallow lake in an aluminum-hulled skiff.
The nut is whole.
I made pancakes for breakfast.
My mother is looking for a medium grey pajama.
Looks like you've just arrived early in the morning.
Sorry, you're calling the wrong number.
how much does one million sugar apple cost?
Avoid erasures.
I think it is best not to be impolite.
Someone must have stolen it when I was sleeping last night!
I can see you from far away.
She's studying Japanese and economics.
Nutrients from the blood are reabsorbed and transported to where they are needed.
The weird bear announces something.
I want to sell four banana.
After that, gorillas split from the line that led to Pan (chimpanzee and bonobo) and people about 10 million years ago and about 6 to 7 million years ago the Pan line (chimpanzees and bonobo) separated from the line that led to man.
Where did you spend your holidays?
Did you fry chicken?
That child threw a stone at the dog.
Do you want to ride on my train?
Are you cooking beef stew?
The scorpion wouldn't be caught dead buying something like this.
The tomato is fragrant.
The buko pies will be eaten by you.
I will listen to the professors.
They just cooked dinner.
My nephew is looking for small red pants.
She shakes her head.
Tom forced Mary to give him the money.
papaya is cheap.
Burn him in hell.
Some fishes got amused.
Did you make this vinegar?
My mother is looking for a small brown sweater.
I leave for Boston tomorrow at 2:30.
He will no longer be invited to join the retreat.
how much do eighty worm cost?
We took her weight.
Is this fresh hot dog?
The large centipede shows up.
The eagles chartered a bus for the firm's outing.
Who's next?
I like to buy six big coconuts.
Did it rain last December 27.
I was supposed to drink milk earlier!
The scent is gentle.
I will join you while smiling.
Morning of November 21.
He ate last February 22.
You will cook chicken adobo.
She's just listening to her playlist in repeat mode.
My cousin is a little older than I am.
I can't tell one twin from the other.
We are caring for him.
I dont enjoy traveling in large groups.
They are selling cheap meats.
What is your point?
Listen to your teacher.
Her hair is greasy.
Tom demonstrated how to core an apple.
We are here to help you.
The oat is green.
I'm going to clean the house.
This is, strictly speaking, a mistake.
The weird sheep only eats apples.
It should be him who will be cooking for the celebration.
My uncle is looking for a small violet sweater.
One day, someone will love me truly.
Mine is too long.
It has been eight years since I have salads.
The eagle wouldn't be caught dead buying something like this.
My mother takes thirteen medicines every afternoon.
I will go with you until the corner.
Noon of October 29.
He offered me a hundred dollars a week plus room and board.
She keeps moaning that she has no time.
His spouse is asking him to go to China to consult a doctor.
The captain wants to reach the finals.
Can you cook the beef stew?
Is the first chair on the left is broken?
I prefer traveling by train to flying.
I have been made cheeses.
She needs to undergo operation on her hand.
Don't suffer because of his wrong doings.
September 23 is the day of his death.
My sister has a brother.
He is making the cheeses.
how much do ten meat cost?
The ancient Greeks discovered that the bodies of the body were poured out, the mouth water, and the place where they lived in the presence of illnesses.
I've never done that.
If he knows the truth, he will tell us.
My sister is looking for a small cyan shirt.
I reached third year of high school.
He needs medicine for his knee.
The form A occurs under non-physiological conditions in parsially dehydrated DNA samples in the cell, it can be created in DNA hybrid couplings and RNA strands as well as in the ensaym-DNA complexes.
Vegetables are good for you.
how much do seventeen meat cost?
An accountant audits business accounts.
Will I help you?
25th day of August.
I'm not drunk.
However, the roof still leaks.
See you next week!.
She is frying pork.
You?
Ponginae (orangutans) separated from the great spell about 12 million years ago.
I like to buy nine big gingers.
We will eat tomorrow.
The convicted bull is sentenced to death.
She takes thirteen drugs for her disease.
I wish tomorrow will be December 13.
Let?╟╓s meet on November 21.
Your buko pies are ours too.
The sun is setting below the horizon.
I really appreciate what you've done.
From 6:00 PM to 9:00 AM.
Go on without me.
My daughter takes ten medicines every morning.
Nothing compares to you.
The fifth chair on the left is broken!
Are we doing the right thing?
The rice is red.
The okra is long.
He always leaves for work at 8:00 a.m.
My sister is looking for a medium yellow pajama.
I will cut the cheese on the table.
You're stupid!
Will I cook breakfast?
Can you cook the pork stew?
Tom has a red car.
The mosquitoes have wine.
My mother is looking for a medium pink bag.
January eleven is the date today.
She will eat pomelo to avoid sickness.
I want to buy four tomato.
You are grinding the peppers.
Were you the one who approached me a while ago?
I made the graham cake.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Laos.
It's already early morning and she's still up reading a book.
Her father asked her to go to France to consult a doctor.
They also went around to see the colorful pictures.
He is sometimes absent from school.
For fundamentalists, the scientific point of view that modern humans are moving from ancient ancestors who are also ancestors of chimpanzees, gorillas and others are opposites or mistakes in their interpretation that man is special created by god.
The middle computer on the left is broken.
The breakfast is being eaten by him.
By the time we approached Iowa City, we were in the homestretch, and we stopped at Prairie Lights bookstore, where we let the kids each pick out one book.
My father is looking for a medium grey watch.
Would you like to travel to the United States?
Will you cook soup?
Is there anything cheaper?
He had been playing for two hours when I arrived.
From where is this indo-pacific tarpon?
How much longer will the thunderstorm last?
She will sell the buko pies.
Does it have to be me who will be cooking for the celebration?
The quicker someone is treated when having a heart attack, the greater the chances of success.
My brother is looking for large green clothes.
Is this fresh cooking oil?
All these chairs on the right are broken.
She eats eggplant because she wants to be healthy.
August seventeen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
He is writing a poem for Hina.
Is November 2 Friday.
Garlic is good for the body.
I can cook the dessert.
We just cooked breakfast.
The winter melon is green.
You can fry beef.
Is this fresh mullet fish?
Do not worry, he will not neglect you.
I want to go to UP.
You did well not to follow his advice.
Do you have meat?
Is it not clear enough?
Please describe your favorite food.
Just come back here with the receipt and I will put your luggage straight through.
Their doctor is ready.
A recession is bound to come next year.
He will accompany you.
You may borrow equipment from the laboratory.
The car my mother is driving is his.
Tom is on a low-fat, high-protein diet.
There is no discount for the asian clam?
Watermelon is nutritious.
The oat is destroyed.
Volleyball is the chick's favorite sport.
April four is the date today.
I cooked pork stew.
Plebeians really are hard workers.
You promised.
This watermelon is full of seeds.
We can understand that our financial differences dont make us any better or worse, any more or less pure or human than others.
I went to the park with Mary yesterday.
Liquor is not good for your health.
A pod of hippos?
We should eat vegetables everyday!
how much do eighty radish cost?
The weird bird catches the bird and kills it.
The dead bull is the one special for being a singer.
It can be seen in this image the anatomy of a chicken.
Tom is making snacks.
My mother is looking for medium grey clothes.
Do you still have long-jawed mackarel?
how much is three kilos of garlic?
A cucumber is related to a watermelon.
I am traveling for work.
The mosquito Culex pipiens molestus creates and breeds throughout the year, not in cold places and bites rats, people.
I'm sorry, I cannot meet you tomorrow.
The fly had my car stolen.
You?≥re insane.
You are cooking the dinner.
Tom would like some coffee.
My nephew is looking for medium violet shorts.
I want to sell three black plum.
Eat a brownie.
How much is the chayote?
We tried this before.
The ID should be visible.
The moringga is brown.
How many pieces of wax gourd?
How many songs did you write?
I will throw him.
After a time, we stopped at a gas station, where the children pressed their faces to the beverage cases and ran around for a few minutes before we corralled them back into the car.
The lime is brown.
You are watching news.
Is he satisfied?
When does it begin?
how much does one million lanzones cost?
I just ate what little food I had.
I don't know why we are here.
She has infection in her right knee.
Tom dreads going to work tomorrow.
My niece is looking for small green pants.
I want to buy four lanzones.
Did I fry hotdog?
Art is for eyes and ears.
I'm afraid I already have plans.
Her spouse is asking her to go to the United States to consult a doctor.
I thought you're not kind.
My mother is looking for a medium yellow pajama.
The papaya is beautiful.
It is explained that the beetles now come from ancient beetles with wings that work.
mustard is getting more expensive.
He will write a book until November 23.
Have you booked our flight?
Your singing is deafening!
how much do four onion cost?
It rained really hard last December 18.
I can't help thinking of the future.
What is next?
Is that middle computer broken?
The moth baked a pie.
We looked after him.
We continued her research.
He will write on paper.
Be careful of the rabid dog around the corner.
So in this case, x would equal y.
The frog's brother goes to school.
Today is September 7.
Is Tom going to swim tomorrow?
The school is quiet.
The strawberry is yellow.
The office is silent at night.
February twenty-five is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
how much is ten kilos of pineapple?
I think we have to stop this.
The large deer opens up its stomach.
He lost his money last December 25.
Let us sit on the roof and look at the stars.
You are a father.
The chocolate will be eaten by you.
The duck is a big fan of the master.
We will drink my water.
I just arrived.
My uncle is looking for large white shorts.
I lost an earring.
It's more fun in Cuba.
I'm eating a bread.
He accused her of having lied to him.
Where is the herring scad?
I made him do my homework, take my exams.
There is a lot of carinderias here.
He believed.
They have to pay their hospital bill.
He ran from the restroom quickly.
On May 5.
Let?╟╓s meet on November 10.
Expect more responsibilities and an increased workload.
I will eat bread.
The magnolia is slippery.
How much would you want to pay for the tour?
Someone is calling for help.
The teacher said to copy what's written on the board.
The monkeys like the rain and the snow.
It's like being sauteed in your own fat.
The shrimp is addicted to gaming.
To sustain the pace, coffee has been his co-pilot.
however, a nine-year-old in primary school here in Moscowand the fortunes of her daughter and son-in-law, both educators, bring her cheer.
Where is the winter melon?
My nephew is looking for a small black watch.
The onion is rare.
The bitter gourd is long.
He blamed others for his own failure.
Are they buying breakfast right now?
I have a son who's just turned three.
I will play basketball.
He will go here on September 3.
He was kind enough to take me to the bus stop.
My niece is looking for medium grey shoes.
Your laugh is so ugly.
But will you pass?
The mango is ugly.
The pressure depends on the work being done by the heart and the resistance of the blood vessels.
The dog ate a doll.
Pick one.
They sold the vegetables.
Peace in the world is returned.
My aunt is looking for a large yellow shirt.
Do you serve alcohol?
Be off as soon as you can, that's all I have to tell you.
The blackberry is white.
Show them.
I will clean the house tomorrow.
Doctoral studies is not work so parents are not entitled to free childcare.
The onion is shiny.
I am 30 years old now.
The blackberry is withered.
I paid him a visit yesterday.
Eat whatever food you like.
My uncle is looking for large black clothes.
Sir may i ask for a refill of gravy, can you fully fill it up?
He said that the drug will come from Egypt.
My father is looking for small blue pants.
I like to buy eight small bottle gourds.
The pepper is fragrant.
You will cook the lunch.
I think I know where Tom put his keys.
Grass should be cut.
The vacation is on Sunday.
We will drink their fruit shake.
We need to help in organizing.
He could not find what I had hidden.
The horse is watching sword art online.
Can I cook breakfast?
I have to do something.
The eagle just want to hop into my boat.
If it's not yet December 12,.
I've had a busy week.
His body will get stronger if he eats banana.
Her mother asked her to go to England to consult a doctor.
She will eat grape because she wants to be healthy.
I was very happy when I learned that my family would be going in Palawan.
Good times are hard to forget yet painful to remember.
What happened?
Tom was the star of the show.
I dislike you.
The hibiscus is slippery.
24 and elsewhere.
5 tablespoons corn oil.
The cheap meats were eaten by you.
I was working late.
Be sure of your answers.
She eats eggplant to avoid sickness.
He wrote to me yesterday.
She saw my neighbor driving a new car.
From where is this charcoal?
Longsilog is usually for breakfast.
The answer to the question is wrong.
The squid wrote a song for you.
how much is five kilos of cabbage?
He plays basketball.
It rained yesterday afternoon.
The sun rises every morning.
How does it taste?
Go home straight after work.
The centipede wakes up.
how much is seven kilos of shrimp?
I need to call someone.
Are those chairs on the right broken?
Cheating is not allowed.
Some swans work normally.
Is the third table in the middle is broken?
I can't drink milk.
We boiled the corn.
They will join you.
In the tract, the codon of a gene is copied to the RNA messenger of the RNA polymerase.
I will write the correct answer.
Do you wake up early?
I am sick of chasing.
She is the cutest little thing now!
Can this wait until tomorrow?
They are cooking lunch.
The crickets usually went to the shopping mall on Monday.
the moon is so nice at night.
There is no time to play.
They are on their way to Spain to consult a doctor.
?? cup bok choy.
There will be classes again tomorrow.
Dry mouth can be caused by tobacco use.
How much for yellowfin tuna?
Just keep mixing.
I dont work out on the road besides the occasional pushup, so I try to stay right with my diet.
we reached another house.
Show the map.
Do you know how to fry pancake?
The chicken was wet and the meat near the bone was a light shade of purple.
She ate pepper.
It's so much greater than we've been led to believe.
The winter melon is unripe.
I want to be left alone.
I'd like to tell her that I love her.
She will eat garlic to avoid sickness.
I want to ask you a question.
Is it green tea?
Prawns are expensive!
He is in the laboratory.
Have a taste.
They are grinding the peppers.
I am getting hungry because of the activity that we did earlier.
The day will soon come when man can travel to Mars.
You can saute vegetables and meats.
DNA replication or process of cellular genome copying is required whenever the cell divides.
The train is so slow this might take a while.
If only I had a cellphone.
The chamomile is hot.
Cook rice.
A pseudogene can be created when a genetically modified gene collects mutations that prevent it from translating that makes it useless.
I am amazed by your works.
I am not free.
Some fake turtles have powers.
He will sell his guitar on September 3.
My elder brother takes two medicines every evening.
The teacher taught.
Some fireflies are killed immediately.
I was there.
It has been thirteen minutes since I have milk.
She waited on her husband all day long.
The termites called.
I made lunch for them.
My cousin takes thirteen medicines every evening.
I think I need to work out after all that I have eaten.
Tomorrow is my aunt's birthday.
I prefer dried fish for breakfast.
how much does a kilo of radish cost?
They are going to feel better.
His children asked him to go to Greece to consult a doctor.
The dog goes to the hospital every year.
Do you like movies?
The flies hope the dog and the cat know how fix this.
Some seagulls have never been in a war.
The evil goats were picked by a magical turtle.
I forgot my chemistry book.
I should be drinking milk right now.
Let's fry smoked meat.
Tom had his car stolen early last week.
My father is looking for a medium blue shirt.
He will need to undergo operation on his right shoulder.
We gave him medicine.
There is no discount for the fringescale sardinella?
She already ate.
We got the wood.
Tom didn't play badminton yesterday.
I don't see any difference.
Is December 22 Friday.
What am I going to do?
How much for tree cucumber?
How much will it cost you to go by air?
Her father is asking her to go to Greece to consult a doctor.
His work is only for show.
It was hot yesterday.
July 30th.
how much does a kilo of octopus cost?
He likes to eat fried eggplant for breakfast.
Just say you won't let go.
I was thinking you might help me with this problem.
20th day of August.
You had to come yesterday.
Go here on October 27.
I'll allow this.
Tom is only a little older than Mary.
My aunt is looking for medium pink pants.
You witness different cultures from place to place.
This first computer on the left is broken.
The contents of the bag is spilling.
She sometimes loses her temper, but it doesn't happen very often.
I won't eat breakfast today.
Is this your family tradition?
I want to go on a vacation next year in Luxembourg.
The chamomile is healthy.
The tamarind is hard.
My father is looking for large green pants.
Buy my last liquor already!
After breakfast tomorrow she would leave.
He joins frequently.
Native blackberries are cheap in the market.
Don't forget to do all your duties before you leave.
She continues to respond to customer complaints.
Pack the things you are going to bring.
My mother is good in cooking lunch.
The dog opened the radio.
The trial for the dead kitten begins.
I don't care what people think about the way I dress.
My nephew is looking for small blue shoes.
Is she your sister?
January four is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
They are rinsing ingredients.
He is giving him drugs.
The chicken transforms into a cardcaptor.
Where is the avocado?
Tonight's stream is cancelled.
No one has ever said such things to me.
From 7:30 PM to 1:00 PM.
If you are selling twenty-one times in twenty-one hours,.
My aunt is looking for medium brown shoes.
How many pieces of soursop?
One hundred years is called a century.
The elephants faced each other in practice.
bitter gourd is cheap.
the price of banana is getting cheaper.
It is part of my job.
The crickets were very amused.
When does the meeting begin?
When did you get that?
Is that fifth chair on the left is broken?
Do you want anything?
What did you use to write with?
They are eating healthier food.
There is no more vinegar on the table.
The chase of the sheep continue.
Ive been all across Africa and Ive never seen so many crocs, sunbathing their scaly selves on the beach, slithering around in the sediment-rich, chocolate-milk-colored water and waiting until the last possible instant to slowly sink away before our skiff bumped into them.
Are you listening?
My niece is looking for a medium yellow pajama.
Will I fry smoked fish?
This is just a paperweight.
Is that third chair on the right is broken?
He sold the candies which he was holding.
November twenty-three is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
How much for annatto seed?
What can I do?
how much is four kilos of jackfruit?
June twenty-two is the date today.
It's so hot here in our classroom.
October twenty-nine is the date today.
While selection and genetic drift are independent of populations separated from other species, separation may create organisms that can not multiply.
Noon of September 12.
13th day of August.
The sunflower is long.
I received a perfect score.
Thank you for your great work.
The guava is fresh.
how much do thirty sugar apple cost?
She eats garlic to get strong.
Is there any discount for the lime?
The living bacteria are found in milk and in all foods that are not sterilized.
On this August occasion, here's a verse.
His words took her a minute to register.
I will be introduced in class.
My father takes four medicines every morning.
Where can I buy sugar apple?
You can cut the grass.
It's more fun in India.
How much for sweet potato sprout?
They said that the drug came from the United States.
The firefly's friend discover food.
The weird sheep kills two sheep.
Are there vacant seats?
Ask him to teach you how to execrcise.
Can you cook dinner?
It will screw you for the next 40 years.
I will fry the tilapia.
I know how to handle the press.
Where should the chalk be located?
The lime is reserved.
Pastor Anderson: Those who believe in this.
He put the traveler up for the night.
It is like you are old.
He ate rice twice a day for many years.
My mother is looking for a large cyan bag.
My uncle is looking for a small red pajama.
I'd like a money order for ten dollars.
Tom has never eaten raw horse meat.
I like to buy five big fruits.
Her head is not attached to her body.
Did I cook beef?
The monkey love to entertain.
That fifth chair in the middle is broken!
My niece is looking for small orange shoes.
Pastor Anderson: Keep in mind.
I did not eat.
Check out the mansion behind, idiots!
Hes wearing an orange button-up shirt with a stylish brown jacket over it, and a hat that looks straight out of the Smooth Criminal video.
The t-shirt was large for me.
Tom drank a shot.
The star apple is valuable.
I should be in Boston before noon tomorrow.
We usually have breakfast at 7:30.
I was born in Kyoto in 1980.
We go to the clinic frequently.
I like to buy five small tomatoes.
Are you going to the next post office later at 6:00 PM.
He will sell his guitar on December 29.
They visited them.
If it's not yet October 8,.
Kicking out a bad habit isn't easy.
There is no discount for the banana blossom?
He is cuting cheese.
Could you check the air and oil?
I don't worry so much about my resume.
Here we go again, when will you learn?
Her father is asking her to go to China to consult a doctor.
When do you get off work?
I don't like fries fish for lunch.
The reason why the so-called 'Historic Resort City' is Lapu-Lapu City is because there are many beaches that are clean.
I like to buy seven big sugar apples.
Paint the walls blue.
I am going to Spain in November.
Supercoiling DNA can be loosened like a rope in a process called supercoiling.
Tom told me to drive to Boston.
how much do eight black plum cost?
I have class tomorrow.
If December 4 is Saturday,.
Swimming is not allowed in this river.
He doesn't do stupid things like that.
I have been to Mexico in the last year.
I got up very early today.
You all got into a frantic race.
bottle gourd is very cheap.
We've been painting our house since last Friday, but we're still a long way from finishing.
His parents asked him to go to England to medicine there.
how much does a kilo of orange cost?
His mouth was unfamiliar to the taste.
Natural selection involves organisms that attempt or are trying to adapt to their environment.
We are frying the milkfish.
A person should see a doctor if the dizziness is frequent or severe enough to interfere with daily activities.
Her siblings asked her to go to England to consult a doctor.
We can see people as people and not commodities.
My shirt is color green.
News Anchor: The chip is encased in unbreakable.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Colombia.
how much do seven bottle gourd cost?
The dog's arm is hammering a nail slowly.
It will be December 19 next week.
How much for mushroom?
Does anybody want to get some lunch?
Our vacation became worth it, I discovered a lot, learned and met.
Whenever I see you, I feel happy.
Vulgar kid!
My nephew is looking for small white pants.
Do you still have beltfish?
The swan's helmet is beautiful.
I have little idea of what I?╟╓m doing.
You look tired.
20th day of July.
Do you have bus that can bring me to the airport?
Do you like Thai food?
And why is it even looked forward to by tourists.
We were too late.
I read a book last week.
They are very noisy.
Her face betrayed her real feelings.
How would you answer this?
I said to him.
My niece is looking for small magenta shorts.
The ant is a god of evil.
Tom ran after Mary.
KC Concepcion confirms spilt with Aly Berromeo.
Take it slowly.
Are you doing something important?
The jellyfish is running away.
They live in a beautiful house.
She didn't go there yesterday.
Can you prepare the ingredients of the dish?
The Germans were dull,.
Who is the boy swimming in the river?
Public health is what she is studying.
I found this book by chance in a secondhand bookstore.
No, she is just copying.
The middle chair is broken!
Separation or separation of materials is accomplished through the use of chromatographic or electrolysis methods.
Your time is limited.
There are people who seldom speak unless they're spoken to.
how much does one million mustard cost?
Do you still have pomelo?
The chances are very good that our team will win.
how much does a million garlic cost?
He shredded the coconut.
knoweth the day or the hour.
He knows Germany like the back of his hand.
How many pieces of peanuts?
We are selling the chocolates.
He has tumor in his right kidney.
I rarely go to the study room.
The beetle is watching Naruto.
We can tell Tom later.
I want to buy two tomato.
I've heard Texas is a beautiful place.
She will eat radish to lose weight.
You gave me a headache.
how much do ninety durian cost?
I will eat the cheap meat.
14 bundles of cartolina.
I read a book last night.
I suggest you leave immediately.
The dragonfly takes home the baby dragonfly.
I want to sell four ginger.
The eagles know who it was.
Can you fry beef?
They will hold talks tomorrow.
It costs a lot.
Dedication takes a lifetime.
Trust takes years to build, seconds to break, and forever to repair.
Drink milk already.
We can't sleep because of the noise.
My heart is falling.
Can I use a credit card for payment?
A few seconds have already passed.
It's too early to leave.
how much does one hundred garlic cost?
I gave mango to john.
They sold cupcakes.
All hens are pirates.
When you see a cashless society starting to develop.
Go here on September 25.
Beetles have weapons.
The prince cow is rich.
The hen is having a race.
It was as if all my yearning for him had pushed me to the very edge and my sense of wonder was the first to fall, and then my nerve.
The dog is cutting the grass.
The coconut is orange.
Just tell me what you know about Tom.
There are plenty of books in his study.
I want to sell a wax gourd.
we could see for miles.
Peace was restored into the world.
The chamomile is ugly.
How many pieces of grouper?
My sister is looking for a medium brown bag.
They are coming on Sunday.
Xander likes to eat fried chicken with his hands.
11th day of June.
I should be drinking coffee now.
The cucumber is weird.
How do you say "I love you" in French?
We will steam rice.
My nephew is looking for a small grey sweater.
We got married last January 6.
Will he come with us?
We went to Paris last year.
Tom has already finished breakfast.
My elder sister takes twelve medicines every afternoon.
He's an Engineer.
The game will be held rain or shine.
I still have to get rid of this carpet.
I like to buy three small eggs.
I believe that probably in order to get the.
Be careful in using the equipment in the laboratory.
December ten is the date today.
Can i ask for a discount for the cashew?
This type of mobile phone sells well.
I might have to go home early today.
Mustard is usually yellow.
Am I frying garlic?
She is tired.
I like to buy ten small string beans.
There was a kitten that is special for being strong.
You need to give way to the senior citizens.
This job is so difficult.
The centipede sleeps with the baby centipede.
See you tomorrow, OK?
The coconut is ripe.
Is there any discount for the flounder?
Who told you that?
I was sent out of the class.
The corn is wet.
The ginger is beautiful.
If December 7 is Saturday,.
His uncle is good in cooking dinner.
The card is controlling a train.
My aunt is looking for medium violet clothes.
I live in Benin.
It is not here.
My mother is looking for a large violet watch.
He eats squash to strengthen his immune system.
The teacher warned us that the test would be hard.
On the contrary, Australia does not appear in many groups of placental mammals that are common to other continents (carnivores, artiodactyls, shrews, squirrels, lagomorphs) although they have indigenuous bats and rodents that later come here.
You just bought lunch.
The duck's coach is not happy.
He should not be here.
My child takes twelve medicines every afternoon.
August twenty is the date today.
He sings frequently.
Can i ask for a discount for the banana?
I am not coming by the way,.
The snail do not believe the child came to Tokyo alone.
My enemies are worms.
The foreman deducts from it.
The cabbage is slippery.
It is hard to be a construction worker.
Because of this, it is hard to trust some dinuguans.
ACLU guy: It scares the heck out of me.
The Platyrrihni line (New Earth monkey) separated from the line Catarrhini (Ape and Old World monkeys) about 40 million years ago.
Most babies learn to speak when they are about two years old.
(Revelation 13:11-12) And I beheld another.
Join him.
You cannot get blood out of a stone.
My elder brother takes seven medicines every afternoon.
how much is one kilo of lanzones?
You boiled the beef.
It doesn't suit my tastes.
The head fish calls the fish.
I cooked dinner for us.
You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life. Albert Camus.
Most of them wear large bags.
It's more fun in Bangladesh.
We've got a reservation under the name of Jones.
He isn't joking.
Milkfish vinegar stew is delicious.
By the way, I saw him yesterday.
strawberry is very expensive.
Is Tom home yet?
She entered the operating room.
I'm proud of you.
one had to rush out of the room, laughing.
Come again tomorrow.
Humba is delcious.
I know I said a lot of things, but I'm back now.
Based on some examinations, biological selection of nitrates is crucial to the future of the people to learn how to monitor and control such processes.
They were infected.
The crocodile retired in 2013.
She prefers to be self-reliant.
Did I fry pork?
You have helped me a lot.
Place the plastic on top of the cabinet.
Coke or Royal?
We'll have lunch early today.
Some non-conjunct DNA sequences play structural roles on chromosomes.
Are they cooking chicken adobo?
I want to buy a squash.
December 10 is Wednesday.
I don't have any homework tonight.
I could not bring myself to do it.
We are the children of our parents.
He was going to call you, but he couldn't find his mobile phone.
How much for bread?
Will I correctly guess what they are?
The eagle won't be your friend if you go to England.
I thought that I have moved on from you.
Who called you?
The rock is large.
She needs anesthetic for the operation on her left hand.
The moth have seen in my time a hundred craftsmen.
He doesn't stop drinking even if he doesn't have money.
Many sleep here so you have some company.
I want to buy five sugar apple.
The bull decides to go to another school.
Morning of November 26.
The pepper is ripe.
There was no holding back for either team.
in your right hand or in your forehead.
The garlic is cooked.
The rock wrote me a letter.
He was very weak.
Can I cook dinner?
I can't wait to hear your voice, Tom.
She was trembling in fear.
How dieting and exercise can change your life?
We provided food and clothes for them.
I just got done eating lunch.
From 2:00 AM to 5:00 AM.
Do you have a paper?
I will not forget about you.
I like to buy two small lemons.
Please cook the dinner.
Eating too much is bad for your health.
caught up to be with Christ.
I know Tom lied.
Go here on December 1.
The oleander is colorful.
They will boil the egg.
My sister is looking for a medium cyan bag.
Morning of September 21.
I like to buy eight small fruits.
Fill in the form below.
We were late because of the storm.
That is all right.
You answered all the questions but you still did not pass.
It is painful if you get hit by a rock.
The squid postponed my date because the squid had to work late.
He knows how to fry eggs.
We are in a conference.
I called earlier.
A number of chicks fought.
I love my pig.
I like to buy eight big shirts.
I closed the door.
The shark is watching yowamushi pedal.
Beef stew is delicious.
We slept outside.
I hope it rains tomorrow.
I love chinese food.
I felt exhausted when the game was over.
Japanese forces marched into Burma.
how much does thousand guava cost?
He has a bruise on his leg.
how much does a million soursoup cost?
Do you have sugar?
The bat will be back at six-thirty.
Do you still have garlic chive?
The coconut is tasteless.
I like smart girls.
She is in the hospital because of her feet.
My sister is looking for a small red pajama.
The garlic is slippery.
Why don't you like to eat veggies, these are nutritious.
The eagles grind wheat into flour.
Tapsilog is usually for breakfast.
May we go next vacation?
They tried to help.
She is a good example for the students.
that seventh trumpet sounds in chapter 11.
From where is this eel?
That volcano exploded.
I haven't seen Tom since yesterday.
One cat is known for passing balls perfectly.
Let's grill the fish.
As you might expect, someone had died.
The bat make lunch every day.
pork is very expensive.
She needed to undergo operation on her right arm.
Adobo can be pork or chicken.
We'll have lunch early today.
My tummy hurts.
She met him this morning.
She'll be getting married next year.
She said that the illegal drug will come from Manila.
He has been losing for eighty months at the next post office.
Did I fry tocino?
They're selling ice cream cake there.
how much do nineteen sardines cost?
Do you like this dress?
We finished high school.
The site is situated in a two-hectare parcel of land.
Is the middle computer on the right is broken?
I want to buy four worm.
From where is this spiny lobster?
The lilac is ugly.
The bread will be eaten by him.
The blackberry is unripe.
fish is not that cheap.
Do you still have corn?
You had better strengthen them because they.
Do you still have napa cabbage?
How many pieces of eggplant?
We are going to the beach.
I will study for the exam next Friday.
I've been looking for you for a long time.
I'm getting farsighted as I get older.
The bear is disrespecful.
Can you say it again please?
Do not be a coward for this is a fight.
January twenty-four is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
There are many rivers on that island.
It's been done before.
She fried beef.
He got me to buy a buko pie.
how much is ten kilos of ginger?
She eats onion to have beautiful skin.
The ginger is juicy.
The Bible reads in Matthew 13:21.
His mother is asking him to go to the United States to consult a doctor.
how much does a kilo of wax gourd cost?
You will eat an ingredient.
Go here on September 24.
This second table on the right is broken!
You will copy my answers.
The dog's palms are sweating.
The sweet potato is nutritious.
Is there any discount for the mud crab?
I wake up early.
They are giving him drugs.
I'm going back home tomorrow.
I want to sell two soursoup.
From where is this turnip?
Rice is usually eaten with chopsticks in Japan.
I haven't shaved in quite a while.
Some jellyfishes are strong.
She was able to buy two of her medicines.
Tom forced Mary to give him the money.
The ant do not usually go shopping on Mondays.
Classes are suspended later.
The crickets were not brother and sister.
how much is nine kilos of meat?
The village is safe from evil turtles.
He is holding his books under his arm.
how much does one manila bean cost?
He had to pass five hours at a time to have them counted.
I will cook snack.
The baby centipede is picky on food.
We must learn to live in harmony with nature.
Low blood is not a concern if there are no symptoms present.
octopus is the cheapest.
What airline am I flying?
The puppies made us work all day long.
Don't be long.
We?≥re a family.
Tell me.
There's margarine on top of the bibingka.
She is on her way to her doctor.
There is no discount for the cooking oil?
Can i ask for a discount for the winter melon?
I'll never be sorry for liking you.
She said that the doctor is coming from Manila.
Festival will only last until December 18.
The frog carries a huge bucket.
My uncle is looking for a large brown sweater.
The final confirmation of the replication mechanisms indicated by the double-helical structure followed in 1958 through the experimental MeselsonStahl.
We were able to catch some fish in the lake.
They performed surgery.
You had previously studied English before you moved to New York.
Thomas Edison invented the light bulb.
Is this fresh dipper?
September two is the date today.
They have short-bodied mackerel.
Do you cook?
Fish stewed in vinegar is delicious.
My mother is looking for medium blue shorts.
This middle chair on the left is broken!
There are also different types of biomolecules in the cell.
My big brother is scared to swim.
We took his blood pressure.
What time do you turn the lights off?
She has swelling in her shoulder.
The dragonfly absented myself from the meeting.
She is traveling now.
I like to buy nine small carrots.
May God reward you ma'am.
I have been teaching English for almost 20 years.
We ate grilled pork yesterday.
Your department will account for the missing budget.
I have been sliced breads.
The eggplant is tasteless.
He is running.
Untie the ropes.
My uncle is looking for a medium grey shirt.
The cat stayed in the team.
How much for snow pea?
His studying is effective.
how much do thirteen manila bean cost?
I just had supper with Tom.
There are some ants in the forest.
Where is the love?
You cooked breakfast.
The radish is expensive.
I usually don't wear a watch.
Are you interested in basketball, Tom?
Is September 21 Friday.
22nd day of August.
I am in the office during the day.
Do you want to ride a bike?
September 18 is the day of his death.
I could have been relaxing at home if I didn't have to work today.
The apple is soft.
He has vacations once a month.
Blow air into his mouth.
There's nothing left to eat.
What time is snack time?
This is the first time I've ridden a horse.
You just sold meats.
Bananas are delicious.
Non-specific proteins binding the DNA to chromatin include high mobility groups of proteins that bind to the DNA.
Now get out.
I'll love you until I die.
She saw my father driving an old car.
Please cook the breakfast.
I prefer traveling on my own.
The cucumber is illegal.
Do you know who that is?
Excuse me, but will you tell me where to change trains?
He is cooking rice.
Get the diagram.
Classic control theory To withstand open loop control limits, the control theory identifies the reactions (engl.feedback).
Some turtles have spirit animals.
Will you fetch me?
When will snacks be ready?
At 11:00 PM, there are thirty-four shellfish at the ticket office.
She is going to get tested.
Your friends are waiting for you.
That third chair on the left is broken.
The moths can't do anything else.
Chris had great British banter and a DSLR camera;.
Search for the risk of dehydration and infectious diseases for different populations of people.
Please cook snack.
He made ice cream.
His socks are smelly.
The spider arrives at another village.
He will cook beef.
He has quite a few valuable paintings.
I do not understand.
He will write a book until November 12.
They sipped their coffee in silence for a few minutes.
It can be seen in this image the anatomy of a mouse.
They lost their way in the mountain.
Is that first computer on the right is broken?
I lost my thirty-nine sugar at 8:00 AM.
Day after first Monday is on July 4.
Trash is hazardous to fish.
The sunflower is ugly.
The lizard just finished.
Uber sold its Southeast Asia operation to its Singapore-based rival.
He eats tamarind to strengthen his immune system.
My sister is looking for small green shoes.
My father is looking for medium orange clothes.
What will we eat if we only get warnings from your college?
My nephew is looking for a medium brown bag.
It is in the beginning.
He drank your orange soda.
How dare you open this?
It's late.
Tom doesn't get up as early as Mary.
They need to eat healthier food.
She cooked chicken stew.
They will tell you.
The breads were eaten by you.
He is cooking the breakfast.
Hes wearing sunglasses and a black button-up shirt, and smiling just a little.
Her uncle is good in cooking dinner.
I like to buy eight small cottonfruits.
The Japanese eat rice at least once a day.
His feet are stinky.
The mosquitoes buy vegetables at the supermarket.
I look nervous.
I like to buy eight big sugar apples.
Did you come with them?
For the first time it mattered to her.
A stranger asked me the way to the school.
My uncle is looking for medium black shoes.
The puppy will start the game.
The nut is black.
We are exercising for 4 minutes.
I do not get up early.
I'm arriving late.
His mother asked him to go to England to consult a doctor.
How much is two and a half kilos of rice?
Where can I find a hospital?
There is no discount for the hot sauce?
I will eat the ingredient.
The spoon and fork are made out of metal.
how much do eleven meat cost?
Why are you like this.
The pomelo is cold.
Is this fresh string beans?
Can i ask for a discount for the banana heart?
Is there any discount for the salt?
Negative Negative Bacteria The Negative Bakteria or known as Enteric Bacteria is the eighth bacteria.
We discover new things everyday.
We're all waiting.
The cucumber is juicy.
I had to forget about him, but I couldnt allow myself to do so, I couldnt stop indulging the fantasy of him even after he was gone.
You are frying garlic.
Open your books to page seven.
I will go with you later.
Is there any discount for the barracuda?
I'll control it!
I got my son to cook supper.
Then, one morning, Alfred went into his mother's room with a smile.
These grapes taste sour.
How much for indo-pacific tarpon?
The vacation is on Friday.
The pomelo is cooked.
He eats tamarind to lose weight.
or I'm just going to be going through life.
The tomato is whole.
The magical goats hit a tree.
Tom hopes to meet Mary again in the near future.
Can you help me?
Who was the book written by?
My mother is looking for a large cyan sweater.
Dont you love animal group names?
He will go here on November 23.
I have an apple.
Maybe I should fly back to New York?
Give me a hand.
She said that this is good for your health.
The seventh seat is vacant.
Excuse me, how much is this sweater?
You will cook supper.
Maybe I shouldn't drive to the bay.
Hunger is the best sauce.
What is your opinion of Indian food?
We are arriving to your house.
I am slow in typing.
Tom took part in the summer festival.
My grandfather takes six medicines every evening.
I like to buy six small potatoes.
When did she answer?
He cooked lunch.
The hibiscus is white.
Dont be lazy.
I want to swim in the ocean.
Her fingers ache.
She said that the illegal drug came from China.
She hates spicy food.
Do you want to go to a coffee shop?
The protein synthesis is generally composed of two major steps: transcription and translation (translation).
You will cook the breakfast.
She has been sold vegetables.
It is November 1 when.
Their health is deteriorating.
What size?
The radish is bland.
Will you fry fish?
He buys two drugs for his disease.
Do you like American food?
The tamarind is thirsty.
My sense of direction had yet to fail me.
Could you show me my room?
Can you please repeat that?
We're used to riding trains to the workplace everyday.
I already had my hands full doing a weekly manuscript.
how much is three kilos of soursoup?
The grape is ripe.
I am a result.
I like your mirrors.
The cow enters an examination.
We questioned the doctor.
There are new equipment for the room.
Rest well and dream big!
My aunt is looking for a large grey bag.
He will go here on September 30.
Now you shall judge between us.
I wish tomorrow will be September 26.
How much for snail?
Stop following me.
You will be picked up at the marsh.
The cat was listening to the news.
It rained really hard last October 27.
I will buy a vegetable.
She substituted margarine for butter.
There is no discount for the endive?
Afternoon of September 16.
September 24 is Thursday.
The magnolia is appropriate.
What are you doing on Tuesday?
The durian is ripe.
She ate a chocolate.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Paraguay.
I'll cook for you tonight.
What is the country most people visit?
The tomato is yellow.
From 10:00 AM to 11:00 AM.
Tom is making dinner.
You're in the center of the photo every year.
Please go with us.
Today is December 11.
Will I cook chicken stew?
You can do this.
I need more toothpaste.
I will hone my intellect.
The mustard is salty.
How much for garlic?
In the latest editions of Bergey's Manual of Determinative Bakteriology, the bacteria are divided into 19 parts.
I'm scared!
He/She is good at writing.
My classmates are intelligent.
Why did you buy that?
The moth suppose you want to ask me why.
The magnolia is destroyed.
Frogs eat mosquitoes.
He ran outside.
I am in the second year of high school.
I want to buy three cabbage.
You may refer to your books.
The ice cream is twenty pesos.
He will write a book until September 23.
Morning of October 27.
Tom cooked dinner.
The bat will leave it up to you.
The avocado is bent.
how much does one mustard cost?
Would you love to get to know this idyllic place?
To the hotel, sir?
I will buy a book.
He was well known for his stunts of endurance.
I wish I were clever.
i seldom keep on doing something productive.
Accidents arise from carelessness.
What do you think this sentence means?
The lime is dusty.
I have things to do tomorrow.
My father takes nine medicines every evening.
They went and bought my breads after getting to taste them.
We will make ice cream.
The eyes may see, the ears may hear, the heart may beat, the brain may think, I don't care as long as I live.
and, as of 2015, had a population of at least 103 million.
Can i ask for a discount for the goldlined spinefoot?
My brother is looking for small red shoes.
The membrane attached to this membrane is a variety of molecular proteins that act as channels and pumps that move different molecules into and out of the cell.
How much for pork?
It's more fun in Angola.
Shade the letter of the correct answer.
In the past few years, many people have become very aware of the environment.
Don?╟╓t say you have faith in something happening if you keep complaining about it.
Our house is far from the train station.
how much is six kilos of bottle gourd?
The class ended early.
Do you have the time?
The Filipino-American force was trapped on Bridge of Baroro on the province of Bacnotan, La Union.
The empanadas that he made taste bad.
I ran to the library.
My nephew is scared to swim in the sea at night.
They are cooking the breakfast.
Most people who experience temporary dizziness when bending do not need medical intervention.
Don't let silly little things steal your happiness.
Some ducks can skate.
Sharks eat fish.
He will drink milk.
The bat do not think the bat have time to do that.
My mother is looking for medium red pants.
We will drink your beer.
She was jumping in happiness because she passes the exam.
That happening is not far off.
Tomato and onion omelette is our dish later.
The travel company furnished us with all the details of the tour.
The goat would travel almost every day.
I leave you for 30 minutes and this is what I get.
I'd like to buy sweet potato.
You should have drunk coffee.
Soon, with the gun in one hand, he crept back into the cave.
One day, Grant praised the evolutionary ideas of Jean-Baptiste Lamarck.
the price of shrimp is getting cheaper.
This ensemble is sealed in DNA.
I'm going to eat chicken and spaghetti at Jollibee.
Give them a big hand.
Cook fish.
The whale studied before supper.
Write slower.
The crickets had no other resource but to apologize.
From where is this commerson's anchovy?
He eats cucumber to strengthen his bones.
He is feeling sickly.
You just made cheeses.
She will cook beef stew.
The firm employed 150 people.
Can I have something to eat?
She has swelling in her left foot.
What is your favorite book?
The dog is scared.
Different insertion against deletion mutations bias on different taxa can cause evolution of different genome dimensions.
I am eating the meat.
Have you truly memorized the multiplication table?
The ant's spirit helps.
Please prepare the duck.
The lettuce is valuable.
There is no discount for the lettuce?
I'm pushing as hard as I can!
We are making cheeses.
How much for soy sauce?
What kind of food do you want to buy?
My stomach is giving up.
I want to be like them.
Make it a habit to listen to advice.
The pumpkin is spicy.
The guava is thirsty.
The lemon is reserved.
Next day he woke late.
The pear is elusive.
The cats talked about the generation of miracles.
Tom goes jogging every day after work.
The turtle is full of wisdom.
On a bruised heart, like soothing balm was he.
He needed to undergo operation on his left kidney.
I want many things in life.
hot room.
Is your love true?
man is so wonderful! and they will worship.
He has tumor in his finger.
There are magical sheep everywhere.
One thousand three years.
I'd like to buy mushroom.
Our sales numbers seem to disagree with your conclusions.
Morning of December 11.
I live in Guinea.
My elder brother takes eleven medicines every afternoon.
We have no more food.
The apple is weird.
The strawberry is black.
I'm mad at Tom, he ate all of my chocolate in the refridgerator.
I made it in Japan.
Afternoon of September 12.
She boild the eggs.
Would you like a window seat or a seat on the aisle?
Our thighs are bigger.
He arrived.
March twelve is the date today.
Did you get your tires checked?
The tigers run in floorball.
Tom was entranced by Mary's singing.
My son takes seven medicines every evening.
This ancient RNA earth where nucleic acid is used in both catalysis and genetics may influence the evolution of the current genetic code based on the four nucleotide bases.
The hens find the killer hens.
They fought last September 13 because of money.
the price of milkfish is getting cheaper.
Leave the database management to the technicians.
saute vegetables and meats.
The pumpkin is prohibited.
She played games.
The soursop is bitter.
Branches of science Formal science (Formal sciences) Mathematics / Mathematics (Mathematics).
I am eating a fruit.
I can't think of a better place than your arms.
The baby deer like strong people.
I was bored with the monotony of daily life.
Those hens lay eggs almost every day.
You made salad.
A promise that never came true.
You will drink coffee.
I'll stay here until tomorrow.
Are they frying egg?
Peter is quiet.
We drove even closer and Zacharia cut the engine.
Rhea was given a bread by her classmate.
Will you buy supper?
The baby cried.
We toured the major cities.
My aunt is looking for a large magenta shirt.
AFTER THE TRIBULATION.
I wish our classroom were air-conditioned.
pour out judgment.
He will eat mango to strengthen his immune system.
The pomelo is raw.
The hen finds another pirate.
McDonald?╟╓s increase the price of their food by 10 percent!
The firefly search the building.
Your mother is good in cooking breakfast.
how much do fourteen lima bean cost?
These chairs on the left are broken!
The world uses 50 million metric tons of nitrogen fertilizers per year, three times the biological nitrogen fertilizers.
You will buy breakfast.
I'll be back for Tom later.
It's already October 4!.
Can you help me with my home work?
I walked about a mile.
How much for mangrove king crab?
Have you decided on what you will eat?
She will need to undergo operation on her arm.
We had a heavy rain yesterday.
Fireflies can fly.
Some carabaos heard the conversation.
My grandfather takes four medicines every afternoon.
The ant uses a water spirit.
You are a great singer.
This instrument is highly sought after by engineers.
Our science teacher gives a lot of home work.
My elder brother takes seven medicines every evening.
Despite being a superstar, she is very chill and does not compete with others.
strawberry is the most expensive.
I?╟╓m tired of eating.
The eagle went to a farm.
November thirteen is the date today.
The whale was absent from school because the whale was sick.
The liquor will be drank by you.
She will come with me.
The winter melon is soft.
I see a flower on the desk.
This hall holds two thousand people.
I just want to find a quiet spot and watch some clouds.
The flies are looking to you for help.
He seems disappointed in his son.
I'd like to avoid this problem in the future.
Pancit could differ in the way it is cooked.
My father is looking for large cyan pants.
The cherry is holy.
Draw a rectangle.
17th day of August.
They will grind peppers.
The land has gold and silver.
Eight thousand pesos.
The termite can't figure out what he is saying.
I am changing the way we live.
You go to the market place.
He will strum the guitar in my room; the melody is about love.
Can i ask for a discount for the commerson's anchovy?
How deep is the pool?
The pomelo is elusive.
I seldom eat dairy products.
She divided the cake between the two.
He sold the meats.
He lost his money last December 18.
You can always count on Tom.
Please call me up later.
May 9th.
how much is a kilo of sugar apple?
The pineapple is rare.
The goat is also 17 years old.
Tom continued to stare out the window.
Can I have your egg?
how much do nine ginger cost?
Practice full of vitality.
We provided food and clothes for them.
Just keep scratching.
November 12 is Wednesday.
She will eat tamarind to lose weight.
September 21 is the day of his death.
Tom drove Mary home.
In forty seconds, you become someone I don't know.
Some believe in God, but others do not.
Buy my last cheese already!
The squid do not have anything to give to you.
The star apple is ripe.
Vinegar is often used for salty foods.
I used a 3D printer to print my own figurine.
Imagine that you have a time machine.
We provide a complete range of services.
We performed last April 22.
Earthquakes may occur at any moment.
My niece is looking for a large red shirt.
Can i ask for a discount for the maned goby fish?
Engineering is my wife and mistress both.
He will write a book until September 12.
The avocado is unripe.
I live in Mexico.
Can I order from your secret menu?
He sold his guitar last December 25.
Quiet library.
Transactional factors carry it in two ways.
September 28 is Tuesday.
Angels are calling.
The spider lose.
Tom always wears a tie to work, except on Fridays.
That third computer in the middle is broken!
March thirty is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Just come in early tomorrow.
You will sell cheap meats.
July 17th.
I want to sell a turnip.
I will recommend you to the hardest job I know of.
Encircle the letter of the correct answer.
Your body will get stronger if you eat squash.
No one can understand the evil bears.
They will buy dinner.
He thinks.
From where is this lacustrine goby fish?
Two families live in the same house.
There are many studying in the library.
August fourteen is the date today.
We are sending her upstairs.
I empty my wallet.
She went back last February 28.
Some levels need to fly.
Can you speak English?
The sheep begs for its life.
I ate the fruit.
The page of his book is torn.
I want to buy three pork.
How many pieces of water chestnut?
I fried smoked fish.
They followed the nurse.
How much for deepwater red snapper?
May I see your ID, please?
Where is the paper?
He will need to undergo operation on his kidneys.
This fruit is already stale.
It is easy to prevent bad breath.
Bacon is usually eaten during breakfast.
He followed the surgeon.
He acknowledged me by lifting his hat.
I've waited so long for this chance.
My grandfather takes two medicines every afternoon.
Good morning friend.
It was typical of him to arrive late.
Your bag is open.
Seek, Live and Love yourself.
I will be hungry.
Ferdinand Magellan landed on Samar island on 1521.
The doctor advised her to eat onion.
Events in June.
The dog is standing.
Tom hates working late.
This is the question now.
What did you bring?
This fifth chair on the left is broken.
The crab produces fatty eggs.
He was supposed to drink water earlier.
Tomorrow will be October 18.
The fly didn't think anything was suspicious.
I saw her yesterday.
The cabbage is fragrant.
The cheese will be cut by you.
The drug is coming from France.
Two in a row!
There are apps for organizing notes and to-do lists.
I like to buy two small fishes.
Rudy is gay.
He eats garlic because he wants to be healthy.
So the evidence of DNA sequences permits the persistence and genetic relationship between man and other ape.
Are you buying dinner right now?
I saw it three hours ago.
Someone screamed.
One elephant is known for shooting three pointers.
The winter melon is elusive.
But as an authority figure, I have to be strict.
My mother is looking for a small pink pajama.
Do you still have tree cucumber?
Can you turn that on?
My nephew is looking for a small blue bag.
You can't send an ambulance?
the land of the enslaved.
A banana is color yellow.
My brother is looking for a medium white shirt.
The corn is blue.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
Do you have a quiz tomorrow?
They grilled corn.
August two is the date today.
Ester's eyes are beautiful.
I will eat an egg for lunch.
The ship was at the mercy of the storm.
He wasn't able to report it to the bank because it was Saturday.
You've given me your cold.
She will close the window.
I lost again.
My sister is looking for a small white pajama.
Do you still have lemongrass?
My answer to the question is right.
He lost his money last October 21.
The x-ray showed two broken fingers.
My elder sister takes eleven medicines every evening.
August ten is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
He cannot speak well.
They called.
not only as a response to the t-shirt-wearer in question, but to any and all Sevillians who want to direct a question to me in their native tongue.
There were twenty or so people there.
The magician had the children's attention.
Where is the chalk supposed to be located?
He's planning to buy a bed before November 18.
The turtle begins training.
Can you prepare the duck?
Look up.
The tables should be roughly 1 meter wide.
They're also selling chicken wings there.
June 29th.
I like to buy seven big sapodilla.
You will saute vegetables and meats.
Sir, I am this close to finishing!
There are a lot of dangerous activities in the workplace.
He said that the drug came from the United States.
The sun was shining every day last summer.
I am frying garlic.
Do you have plans tomorrow?
My grandmother finished her work quickly.
The spider goes to the next village.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Boston.
They gave them blood tests.
I need to eat.
to them that dwell on the earth.
The melon is fresh.
Morning of October 18.
Tell her to take a shower.
I will eat the cupcake.
It's more fun in the Philippines.
Many rooted for evil.
She will sell the chocolates.
The dog is not telling the truth.
I already washed the plates.
The cashew is weird.
They learned nothing.
This includes comparing DNA sequences conducted within molecular or genetic biology and comparing fossils or other records of ancient paleontology organisms.
I opened it a while ago.
The bear is smart.
There were a few children in the room.
From where is this maned goby fish?
They got lost.
August seven is the date today.
I only see you in dreams.
Now the general had begun such a discussion and so Berg drew Pierre to it.
How much for mullet fish?
This first computer on the right is broken.
Good afternoon everyone.
The garlic is dusty.
Do you like cooking?
I don't want to eat anymore.
She baked me a cake.
Within cells, long strands of DNA constitute condensed structures called chromosomes.
She just cooked supper.
As Unitarian, he received radical implications of transmutation of specimens sponsored by Grant and younger surgeons who were influenced by Geoffroy.
Some carabaos play leisurely.
how much is six kilos of legumes?
Both census and antiseptics may exist in different parts of the same DNA base (i.e.
Fry smoked fish.
I've been living here for a long time.
We were looking for the nurse's office.
The rooster love you so much.
She could have passed but decided not to come.
The mosquitoes wear their hair bobbed.
Did it rain last December 25.
Dean read the century-old writing.
From where is this fermented fish paste?
He's planning to buy a bed before December 20.
Yesterday we let our hair down.
His car broke down.
I usually study math in the evening.
The mushroom is heavy.
The cherry is bitter.
What should be done when there is fire is taught in school.
I saw Tom a minute ago.
I want to buy less cabbage.
They are cuting the cheeses.
I want to sleep without distrubance.
Can you repeat that please?
The boarding gate hasn't been announced yet, but it should appear on the flight information screen.
You are boiling egg.
The worms quarreled.
He will eat radish to lose weight.
I have a knife.
Where is the silver-biddy?
Where is the avocado?
The buko pies are being eaten by us.
I made fried rice from the leftover rice last night.
Lunchtime arrive for the bears.
the price of wax gourd is getting more expensive.
I like collecting shoes.
I will stay here till three o'clock.
A moment later, veins of light threaded through dark low clouds.
There twenty four hours in a day.
The coconut is slippery.
I haven't been the same since you left.
Her mother asked her to go to Spain to consult a doctor.
If it's not yet October 5,.
I can cook soup.
They cannot do anything.
After all, stumbling over foreign words and expressions, misusing and misinterpreting them, is just an extreme case of what happens in my mother tongue.
The bat try.
Keep on pronouncing!
The fourth chair is broken!
As a result, stasis stages in the fossil record correspond to the parental population and the organisms that are subject to speciation and rapid evolution are found in small populations or in limited geographic habitats and are rarely protected by fossil.
I will eat many cheap meats.
Afterwards, we went to Bethlehem to see the statues.
He needs to undergo operation on his kidney.
The centipede's body splits into two.
squid is expensive.
June twenty-eight is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
She will need to undergo operation on her right arm.
Men are simple.
My brother is looking for medium black pants.
She likes eating pomelo that is why she is healthy.
how much does one million onion cost?
She is in the hospital because of her right breast.
He's still painting it.
1/4 cup fish sauce.
The lizards put the blame on me.
Some of the cargo were opened by the assailants.
She needs medicine for her chest.
spared from his wrath.
This is one kilometer long with white sands as if you are in Boracay.
The beetle can multiply.
She was hospitalized in Japan.
I like avocadoes.
Get over there.
28th.
He said that the drug is coming from Italy.
Durians are stinky.
Crabs have ten legs.
Mary is a slow eater.
I want to sell two black plum.
The pepper is inadequate.
Are they not?
When a person is sick there could be microbes missing.
I try.
You need to wear your sun glass.
Wait for me.
It's more fun in Cameroon.
Please open your books to the second page.
Is this fresh liver spread?
I have to help.
The onion is soft.
September 22 is Tuesday.
He listened to his dentist.
I have a sweet tooth.
The chili is rare.
The durian is dead.
A note of anxiety can be detected in his thoughts about Leonor.
The coconut is sour.
Tom doesn't eat breakfast.
He eats onion to avoid sickness.
The whale ate a motorcycle.
The dog's hair is long.
The cheap meat is being eaten by you.
She gave her a blood test.
They questioned the nurse.
The fruit salad is newly made.
My sister is looking for a small black bag.
how much do four ginger cost?
My sister is looking for a large orange pajama.
The bitter gourd is slippery.
It happened.
I just finished eating.
Some cows are poor.
They are doing their homework.
Do you think it's going to rain today?
All students will graduate and be prepared for workplace success!
Morning of December 15.
It was all just an act.
It's already November 28!.
You will cook fish.
We cultivate rice.
What is his favorite food?
Don't bother me.
She said she wanted a memento of a time and a place and an experience, and the feelings that went with it.
The watermelon is small.
Did I cook snack?
I can sing and I can dance but I don?╟╓t join competions.
My brother is looking for a medium magenta sweater.
The taro is natural.
My son takes two medicines every evening.
The pomelo is famous.
So you could not have been having fun the whole time.
The mosquitoes didn't show up.
I agreed.
Do you care?
How much is the sponge gourd?
She tried to look down.
I can fry the smoked meat.
She asked the police for protection.
My niece is looking for a large brown watch.
She eats radish to strengthen his immune system.
Relatives of employees get a 20% discount for any purchase.
She is deeply attached to her parents.
The taro is costly.
Can i ask for a discount for the durian?
Is there any discount for the emperor fish?
We have a test tomorrow.
What do you want to be in the future?
The sweet potato is cooked.
My cousin takes five medicines every afternoon.
Giving up will lead you to nowhere.
Do what you want to do.
The hen has three friends.
He sold his guitar last October 17.
We are giving her medicine.
What time does the flight from Tagbilaran arrive?
The eggplant is green.
He just ground peppers.
He always feeds his child with cabbage to be healthy.
She eats tomato to lose weight.
There is no discount for the green onions?
He became sick because of the cabbage you gave.
Can you try it?
And I was so sure I would do well.
The rose is hot.
We spent the entire day in Yoyogi Park.
He is exercising for 4 minutes.
You will boil the corn.
Another sheep arrives.
She will soak it in water.
My grandfather doesn't know how to drive.
When we entered, I was more amazed at what I saw.
My mother bought clothes.
This middle computer in the middle is broken!
We fretted about the morrow.
This first chair on the left is broken!
Pitiful being.
I couldn't go out because of the snow.
These factors provide context and define the conditions and parameters in which the economy works.
Cells contain information inherited DNA that passes from the cell to another cell as cell division occurs.
He is feeling worse.
I have no more than three thousand yen.
My mother is looking for large cyan pants.
I usually don't eat a big breakfast.
The dog wants to go to the circus.
Next Thursday is a holiday.
She bought breakfast.
I lost my eighty cotton at 10:00 PM.
He is following the surgeon.
I will buy a fruit.
Please fry tocino.
I like to buy ten small jeans.
I don't know what to say.
Is this your brother?
The fireflies decide to journey together.
Yesterday is October 13.
It is very simple.
Many people are alive but don't touch the miracle.
The brownies will be eaten by you.
How much for cashew?
The milk tasted sour.
Some snakes are amused.
I like to buy eight big fruits.
The chamomile is white.
Pastor Anderson: That is why this is a really.
You have 5 minutes to think.
Can Tom cook?
Do you live together?
She is making gulaman.
She had already seen this movie before when she was a kid.
That dog is scared of that bear.
My grandmother takes two medicines every morning.
August twelve is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
There's something I want you to see.
April twenty-nine is the date today.
The wolf do not want to rest.
My aunt is looking for a small blue pajama.
The lettuce is artificial.
The deer finds the strongest deer.
The dog is chewing rubber.
Is this fresh coconut pith?
He will write a poem for Hina.
I want to buy four octopus.
Back then, I worked as a fixer.
The snail fall asleep in the class every now and then.
Could you please pass me the paper?
Have you eaten?
Because that's where we're going next.
I think you panicked.
A big truck can be your steed for anything up to nine months.
Her husbands healthdiabetes and fibromyalgia.
My nephew is looking for a medium pink watch.
He turned pale when he heard that news.
The pineapple is destroyed.
October 6 will be Sunday because.
I ran to the market.
I want to sleep.
February twenty-seven is the date today.
She will need to undergo operation on her nose.
Ninety thousand pesos.
Do you still have squid?
The sesame is illegal.
One morning there was a loud knock at Dean's door.
How many pieces of fermented fish paste?
See you in two weeks.
December seven is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
I rented a car yesterday.
Is there any discount for the starapple?
August twenty-five is the date today.
That ice cream seems delicious.
Tom is much younger than Mary thinks.
We gave her drugs.
I will come with you.
That's none of your business.
After an hour, we ascended to a nearby village and drank cola from a vendor.
Have you eaten you eaten your breakfast?
The dog is eating a whole coconut.
Is he satisfied with his daily life?
They swam last January 27.
Working on a call center is tough.
My life is just a lie.
My favorite color is the color red.
Octopuses live in the sea.
I like to buy ten small sweet potatoes.
Can i ask for a discount for the sesame?
I have been waiting for you.
It rained really hard last December 12.
Festival will only last until December 27.
The sound of the waves crashing on the shore made me shiver.
Tom is Mary's brother, not her father.
Have you made up your mind where to go for the holidays?
The sun is shining.
We're going to travel to Estonia next month.
We are handsome.
I dislike.
Hopefully there arent a lot of people when we go.
The leaves of pineapples are sharp.
It rained really hard last September 10.
My aunt is looking for a medium blue sweater.
There are many chemicals in the laboratory.
Do you still have ball of cheese?
how much is five kilos of starfruit?
She said that the doctor will come from Germany.
Why were you absent yesterday?
My father takes ten medicines every afternoon.
September 5 is Tuesday.
Please cook the pork adobo.
Would we ever get home?
She said that the drug will come from Greece.
The 3 exclusive capsules have a total capacity of 8 people and are hand made out of aerospace aluminum and weather resistant polycarbonate.
He will sell his guitar on September 6.
There, you don't need that now.
Is that second computer broken?
The rats will probably have many psychological problems.
May twelve is the date today.
You are cooking the supper.
I am frying the potatoes.
The cricket didn't hear a splash.
I'd like to buy malabar spinach.
Is he your brother?
how much does a hundred malay apple cost?
How much for the grouper?
I hope you win.
You can always try again.
He is going to get vaccinated.
How many pieces of mullet fish?
You start.
Can you cook lunch?
Am I cooking breakfast?
I am cooking chicken.
My mother is looking for a large cyan shirt.
how much does a billion luffa cost?
Send me an email.
It has been twenty-eight months since I have music.
How much are these clothes?
A few minutes later Dulce and Alex joined them at the table.
8 rings.
Why did it have to end?
Teachers are strict but I know it is just for our own good.
I am cooking lunch.
Won't you come and see me next week?
Is this third computer on the left is broken?
When was that?
how much do eighteen wax gourd cost?
Can i ask for a discount for the coconut husk?
What spices are best for steak?
What did you eat for breakfast?
Can I prepare duck?
My nephew is looking for medium brown shorts.
The moth wonder what color the dog will paint his office.
I am driving you home.
Lots of frogs are not afraid.
The coconut is sour.
The crocodile suppose you want to ask me why.
Where is the copy supposed to be located?
Answer: In 1912, Charles Dawson and Arthur Smith Woodward presented the jawbone and a skull they claimed were 500,000 years old.
The horses start killing each other.
legumes is very expensive.
The dog eats every week.
A dissolution of certain neighborhoods.
You are drinking your beer.
Her new album is already out!
The bat is eating a fruit.
They are on their way to my doctor.
I'll see you tomorrow.
He can't cook very well.
Even Darwin's close friends, Gray, Hooker, Huxley and Lyell still expressed a variety of reservations but provided strong support such as the other primarily younger naturalists.
You can say that water spinach is a vegetable.
how much do sixteen sardines cost?
He is giving blood.
I'd like to buy pickled mango.
I get scared if I look at the camera.
He will eat string bean to strengthen his immune system.
There is no discount for the star anise?
Just give me a second.
The people are clapping for it to repeat.
The mustard is ripe.
A 3D printer costs around ten thousand pesos.
September 3 is Wednesday.
I don't need your opinion, I'm born to be myself and I'm proud of it.
Good posture boosts your confidence.
Today is September 15.
It is November 11 when.
Other non-adaptive causes of evolution include mutation and genetic drift.
Do you have snow in your country?
I love my family.
The pineapple is thirsty.
It suddenly started raining.
The mango is beautiful.
Last thursday, they bought apple from the store.
The starfruit is artificial.
John will be teaching Japanese.
You know I don't eat meat.
The sun rises everyday.
My sister is looking for medium white clothes.
Kent Hovind: The idea that there is going.
The cabbage is rare.
I can fly to the Philippines.
how much do thirteen squid cost?
His life spanned nearly a century.
I want to sell three bottle gourd.
She is finally ready to inherit the family business.
Their minds are busy.
Did I lose everything?
You are hot.
I want to go on a vacation next year in North Korea.
The pumpkin is different.
Where is the mackarel?
The other bulls took notice of the special bull.
Come see me again tomorrow.
I live in Barbados.
You will fry the milkfish.
Everything has been alright so far.
He was supposed to drink milk.
The vegetable is being eaten by her.
how much do eighteen fish cost?
Is this fresh chub mackarel?
I placed the boxes below your desk.
She needed to undergo operation on her foot.
Liempo is delicious.
The price of rice is going up again.
I like to buy ten big cottonfruits.
I like to buy nine big pineapples.
The dragonfly think the dog is unlucky.
How much for long-jawed mackarel?
The purple yam is elusive.
Are all those computers on the right broken?
Were you painting your house yesterday at 5 p.m.
Tom definitely seems to be interested in Mary.
This fourth table on the right is broken!
Is there free breakfast?
I made pancakes for snacks.
December 13 is Tuesday.
The cat has a stripe.
He is thanking the dentist.
We are better off than we used to be.
The liquor will be drank by him.
She steamed the rice.
We drank your shake.
My sister is looking for medium magenta clothes.
The tamarind is heavy.
Motion of cells Cells may move during many processes such as wound healing, immune response and metastasis of cancer.
Our grandmother is good in cooking dinner.
Nobody ever listens.
The library is huge.
As a result, natural selection will cite the species adapting to other ecological niche.
Potosintetic bacteria have a membrane carboxysome in their cytoplasm.
Tom doesn't eat breakfast.
We fried the tofu.
The chili is reserved.
I am happy with what I achieved.
Powdered juice is cheap.
No hand would ever stop her, where are you?
are you selling pineapple?
My niece is looking for medium pink clothes.
I was just texting my dad.
She said that the illegal drug is coming from Japan.
You can be healthy by eating fats.
My father is looking for a large red shirt.
Tomorrow we will celebrate my daughter's birthday at the beach.
I am certain that he will quit his job.
Do you have a ballpen?
Two boys are absent from school today.
I will eat the ingredient.
He is selling buko pies.
The lychee is delicious.
He eats vegetables.
His breath has bad odor.
Last December, just after Christmas, I, along with my familymeaning my parents, my brother and his wife, my sister and her fiance, my husband, and our two kids, ages six and onetook an exceedingly well-organized trip to Colorado.
how much do five shark cost?
Morning of December 4.
I can't do my job without a computer.
You will fry chickens.
He needs to rest.
in the flesh.
The lizard was just about to leave the house when the telephone rang.
Tom's early.
How much for peanut butter?
It's sunny all month long except last November 10.
Sir, these words don't exist.
Will he be able to come tomorrow?
The garlic is special.
Tom seldom laughed at Mary's jokes.
Uncle do you have change?
Festival will only last until November 7.
You can cook the chicken adobo.
The butterfly would have gone to the movies if the butterfly had had the time.
Where is the Delta Airlines counter?
My sister is looking for a small red sweater.
The radish is illegal.
I behave properly.
If October 23 is Saturday,.
I already did that.
It's more fun in Solomon Islands.
how much do fifty melon cost?
He bought lunch.
Eating right can prevent many of the common causes of kidney disease.
He fried beef.
I was made to wait for over 30 minutes.
Two little girls are picking daisies.
How much for sweet potato sprout?
Some bulls accuse the other of killing.
Our friend visited me.
now at the sun floating up out of the mist.
The train is early.
I have chopped the apples.
The moth do not want to help you.
It was there yesterday.
Your mother is good in cooking lunch.
How many pieces of durian?
The bread will be eaten by me.
Will you cook dessert?
Sagada is 1500 meters above sea level.
Don't make your life hard.
My uncle is looking for large red shoes.
I threw garbage.
The taro is tasteless.
The bat will take him with me to the hospital.
The drug is coming from England.
I'd like to buy ground beef.
Evidence of evolution Evolution from paleontology Fossils Fossils are the remains of living organisms that have been preserved The whole of fossils discovered and not discovered and their placement in rocks and coating sedimentary or strata is known as fossil record.
We are massaging her.
Are you good at cooking?
He drank beer.
I will cook for you.
From where is this philippine lemon?
I walked to the dormitory.
The lime is salty.
Some movements against violence have gotten an enormous amount of media attention.
are you buying soursoup?
Do you want my orange?
how much does one million squid cost?
She studied medicine in Spain.
My mother is looking for a medium violet pajama.
I want to sell less sesame.
I made food using leftovers.
I tried to resist but I cannot.
I'd make a loss for selling this.
The goat has lots of friends.
They are at the pharmacy.
Have you seen my ballpen?
He has cancer.
We use banana leaf to eat Habhab Noodles.
A leap year is a year with an additional day.
The ninth of September.
I like to buy three big rambutans.
The bulls perform beautifully.
I live in South Sudan.
It can be found in all types of tetrapods (i.e.
The liquors were drank by you.
Yesterday is October 28.
How many pieces of sugar?
They will go to the United States to consult a doctor.
Steak needs to be cooked carefully, so that it doesn?╟╓t end up tough.
We ate rice and fish at dinner.
The train was late.
The rabbit is happy.
Let us battle.
Phineas is dancing.
Birds yodel in the skies.
Is it true that big sister cannot drive?
Bad weather is no obstacle.
He has pain in his brain.
The pig is confused.
March twenty-eight is the date today.
He has swelling in his foot.
It happened last month.
The sharks have a practice race.
My father is looking for a medium violet bag.
Maybe I shouldn't drive home.
I want to sell a sugar apple.
Go with them.
That is most likely why she resigned this week.
You can boil the egg for eighteen minutes.
What would you like to drink?
We are traveling to Barcelona.
She would soon be ready for Jonathan to ride.
The rival tiger is a keeper.
He has pain in his tongue.
their petals were made pale by the lacework of snow.
The camels like the rain and the snow.
Other fossils appear before 555 million years ago.
December 20 is Tuesday.
My uncle is looking for large brown clothes.
You'll soon leave home and create your own together with your partner in life.
I got up at six-thirty this morning.
He gave me a light.
I understood.
I had to act at once.
Yesterday is September 28.
I will get to you when I have the time.
I bought dinner.
We have a lot of java plums at home.
My sister is looking for a large pink bag.
From where is this chili pepper?
You are like a child.
Go here on September 23.
He always feeds his child with milk to have a strong immune system.
I can sleep without a pillow.
Go here on September 10.
When will I graduate?
Turn around.
He was tasked to create database entries for all employees.
She is studious.
how much does a kilo of starfruit cost?
From 11:00 AM to 6:00 PM.
how much do two shark cost?
I met Tom three months ago.
He has been our most serious partner for so long that I can assure you he's a very decent man.
They are boiling the corn.
That fifth chair on the right is broken!
She said that the illegal drug came from China.
He is giving her drugs.
The onion is elusive.
Don't use this until tomorrow.
The rice is black.
You use the degree to clinch contracts.
Mary is feeding the cat.
June twenty-nine is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Now get my brother from the airport.
The Burmese seemed to take a genuine interest and joy in the new tourists that popped up amidst them.
They rinsed the ingredients.
I really love travelling through boats.
Cold water.
You look tired.
I like to buy three big shirts.
I suddenly feel sick.
She is frying the pork.
He's been absent often.
About 40 million years ago, the prickly prey struck two groups: Strepsirrhini and Haplorrhini (which included gorilla).
He gathered medicine.
The eagles caught a bear alive.
My uncle is looking for a small grey sweater.
60000 graduates.
This is an orange.
first morning of sickness is a blessing.
Will they cook breakfast?
Hear that?
They want to see a doctor.
how much does one hundred ginger cost?
These protein interactions may be non-specific or proteins may bind the specifics to a DNA sequence.
The Victorian hunter and collector whom the reserve was named after had to hack his way through this place.
Do you come here often?
He gave them medicine.
My big brother drives a very old car.
Now, think about machines.
We are leaving at 12 am.
It's already December 4!.
Who brought the key to the laboratory?
You can boil the egg for fourteen minutes.
The cheap meats will be eaten by them.
He ran from the kitchen quickly.
Isn't it about time you went to bed?
Tom left early.
One cat is known for being able to copy abilities.
Elizabeth is currently writing a children's book titled "I am the World".
Where is the banana?
How many pieces of lady's finger?
The crocodiles consider him unfit for that job.
It was first discovered in 2007 as black mold growing inside and around the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant.
My sister is looking for a medium black watch.
I have a shoe.
You are bringing a mirror.
You are selling chocolates.
how much is eight kilos of guava?
July twenty-four is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
I will never lose my dream.
We have been living in France for a few weeks.
Can you meet me later?
Where is the catfish?
The horse stopped and wouldn't move.
The ticket is free.
There is no discount for the beef?
Can you drive faster?
How much for garfish?
It sounds kind of strange.
My brother is looking for a medium white sweater.
My classmate greeted good morning.
Each happy meal included soup, rice, meat and veggies.
The grape is delicious.
I'll let you know later.
Keep on playing!
They are steaming the rice.
We need a new dentist.
The kite got destroyed by lightning.
I am used to the aroma of coffee in the morning.
Give me the passport.
The cockroach knows its brother is alive.
He will eat pomelo to get strong.
The goat is getting married next week.
The hibiscus is unripe.
They fought last October 21 because of money.
how much do nineteen banana cost?
I created an account last week.
Mary is kind, she fed us lunch.
how much does one garlic cost?
I am tired.
My sister is looking for a large red watch.
December twenty-five is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
I'm thirsty.
I am going to visit my family.
Is there any discount for the cabbage?
The oleander is bitter.
Did I hurt your feelings?
I want to go on a vacation next year in United Sates of America.
how much do sixteen kidney bean cost?
The monkeys robbed a bank in Paris.
Let's fry fish.
Did it rain last September 22.
That school looks just like a prison.
I like to buy nine small papayas.
I felt joy, sadness, and death.
My uniform is small for me.
I've been up since 2:30.
He's planning to buy a bed before November 8.
He sold his guitar last December 6.
The dog is knocking on the door.
Some fishes are scared of the blue flame.
He did not see the work of a god Almighty in all the pain and suffering such as an ichneumon wasp that paralyzes a caterpillar as its life for its eggs.
You can buy a donut from the mall as a gift when returning home.
Sausage on a bun.
December 18 is the day of his death.
We sleep in her room.
You can get poisoned by eating too much salmon.
His mother visited me.
I like to buy five big cashews.
Icarus stepped into Polly's office while she was putting on her lipstick.
She ate salty food.
Do you still have philippine sausage?
it's difficult to live without such money but it's more difficult to live without dreams.
Where are the rulers supposed to be?
The door is locked.
How much for goatfish?
But this is always how I do it.
You phoned while I was having a bath.
Do you think?
Do you still have slipper lobster?
He lost his money last October 5.
The monkeys are bound together by common interests.
Get some rice from the casserole.
one of them refers to believers who are Jews.
Her spouse is asking her to go to Spain to consult a doctor.
The mosquito totally disagree with you.
She buys four drugs for her disease.
We will be together for two more weeks.
You've hardly eaten a thing.
September 22 is the day of his death.
He has since taken to drinking at breakfast.
How many pieces of snapper?
March sixteen is the date today.
I will not join your group.
He just ate sushi and drank beer.
I'm going to get hammered after working twelve days straight.
They were afraid of being overheard.
The cockroach is happy.
Some bees play floorball.
She loves noodles.
The trail was muddy and at a steep incline, but the view at the top eased the heaviness in our legs.
Please open your book to page three.
He lost his money last December 27.
Do you have Stevie Wonder's new album?
I don't want to go home.
The pan is hot.
How many pieces of starfruit?
Soy sauce and vinegar, sauce already.
I like to buy four big squashes.
I can look after myself.
The station is pretty far.
I think my girlfriend is kind of cute.
The sesame is weird.
I want to experience living in Antarctica.
The pumpkin is fresh.
How much do you want it for?
But somewhere along the way, maybe when her parents remodeled their house, the airplane part was thrown away.
Do you bring your hat?
I need to work faster and pass this.
The mosquitoes keep sabbath.
A last minute invitation was given to Howie.
One day I asked her if she felt any symptoms of pregnancy.
Can I cook pork adobo?
I am going to America by plane.
My head hurts.
Afternoon of December 13.
Her fingers hurt.
They are praising the surgeon.
They drove home.
Her spouse is asking her to go to England to consult a doctor.
The chili is red.
The mushroom is red.
You can use my hair dryer.
The government-owned airlines made a profit of 200 million dollars.
Don't cry about it, it's just love.
You should not be wasting your time.
She is becoming healthy by eating squash.
The weird jellyfish gives the jellyfish a wand.
Noon of September 20.
When people ask you about San Francisco, you always get stuck on the way you sense it.
The dog is drinking dirty water.
Person Natural selection occurs in modern human populations.
I have work in the afternoon.
He memorized what I said.
The dog is quickly tapping the egg.
His father asked him to go to Italy to consult a doctor.
These feelings keep growing.
The bear climbed the mountain.
From 2:00 AM to 11:00 PM.
My classmates are intelligent.
She needed to undergo operation on her eyes.
Many lions are jealous.
The mushroom is inadequate.
You won't pass your exams if you don't start studying harder.
Let's eat dinner.
term pre-trib rapture.
Natalie is quite well again now, isn't she?
He got me to buy meat.
He ate the fruit.
The spirit bee lost energy.
Your bibingka is just at the refridgerator.
There is no discount for the endeavor prawn?
They ate crackers.
My legs hurt.
The purple yam is long.
I want to be a janitor.
Can i ask for a discount for the shrimp paste?
Let us stay.
It was the season of light.
Go here on October 6.
They fought last December 23 because of money.
I am reapeating.
When do we begin?
You will fry the milkfish.
He eats watermelon for faster recovery.
The feedback on the black hair care products have been mostly positive.
Is it true that big sister can swim?
I hate getting up early.
I don't go to school on Sunday.
For the free advice I'll now impart.
how much does a hundred turnip cost?
The radish is wet.
On Thursday, I will have known you for a week.
How much for chorizo?
(Matthew 7:21-23) Not every one that saith.
We got the rice.
I can cook the chicken.
We saved their lives.
I want a copy of Tom's daily schedule.
how much do sixty lima bean cost?
I forgot to bring it.
Yesterday is December 18.
The oregano is new.
Did you bring an umbrella with you?
He ate the breakfast.
The soursop is withered.
The bear is a magical creature.
My niece is looking for large red shorts.
Let?╟╓s meet on November 25.
Kailan.
how much do sixty mustard cost?
I cannot copy that.
My brother is looking for a medium pink sweater.
700000 graduates.
Is Tom dead yet?
The monkeys had no house to live in.
Such cooperation within the species may be evolved through a process of choosing a relative where the organism contributes to raising the offspring of its relatives.
They fought last October 29 because of money.
The squid agreed.
I install walls with my dad.
Shall we play a game?
The worm did see him.
I educate children.
She needed to undergo operation on her left lung.
My niece is looking for a large blue shirt.
I'm just saying I'm glad it was an oversight.
Yesterday is my friend's birthday.
Can i ask for a discount for the starfruit?
Is there any discount for the salt bread?
But refusing payment was shocking.
You told me that before.
You will make halo-halo.
The melon is appropriate.
I'd like to buy tilapia.
I can cook the beef stew.
The second seat is vacant.
He has been sold vegetables.
thirty-fifth.
because look at verse 1 of chapter 12 that we just looked at.
Her body will get stronger if she eats cabbage.
My mother is looking for medium pink pants.
Please open your book to the seventh page.
She needs to breathe.
I'd like to reserve a table for two.
The watermelon is unripe.
One of our companions treated us to the Mirror Maze at a mall.
I'd like to buy pickled mango.
soursoup is the most expensive.
them in the clouds.
the price of strawberry is getting cheaper.
I live in Rwanda.
The oleander is yellow.
Tom ate a handful of raisins.
I'd like to buy asian clam.
When did you begin learning English?
We're running late.
He will sell his guitar on November 13.
Gaia's theories explain the nature of the world's system with its biosper influences.
It is September 10 when.
She is in the hospital because of her knees.
The two thousand more that are needed are on top of the more or less one thousand and five hundred pairs of sentences that are arriving here.
Japan's rice market is closed to imports.
the army is now in danger.
You just ate.
We had docked at Salalah in Oman, where Captain Phillips sailed from.
It's more fun in Cambodia.
The puppy's team is strong.
The food tastes different.
Do you see the mistakes?
Why don't we go for a drive?
Evil spiders are inside the village.
She's suffering from a serious disease.
The ginger is green.
Add one more cup.
The firefly's brother is dead.
She saw my big brother driving an old car.
It will take us tomorrow before the food comes.
kidney bean is the most expensive.
Their father is good in cooking breakfast.
Do not go ahead with your plans.
The other fishes praise the strong exorcist.
My father is looking for a medium orange watch.
Nemertea 900 types.
The scorpion will call you when the scorpion have done my shopping.
I will eat lunch.
I accidentally ate your brownie.
My cousin takes seven medicines every afternoon.
Tom should eat.
There was a complaint last night when you were closing.
He rinsed the ingredients.
There is no discount for the skipjack tuna?
December 1 is Wednesday.
You are sauteing vegetables and meats.
Where is the eggplant?
February fourteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
It suits me.
We played tennis.
Some shrimps train alone.
At what time?
I noticed her.
I did exactly what you told me to do.
They will cook dinner.
You are cooking adobo.
August nine is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
He cut the paper.
The lemon is natural.
My aunt is looking for a small brown bag.
How much for the soy sauce?
Do you want to ride on my bike?
It was possible for him to do the work.
Where is the seabream?
Five days are not enough to finish all the work.
Give it back to me.
banana is very expensive.
The class automatically became quiet when the teacher arrived.
How much for gizzard shad?
His dentist is new.
The bat couldn't stop.
I will take care of this.
She has infection in her kidney.
That bibingka is mine.
The portal was completely ruined.
One hundred twenty three people.
I live in Czech Republic.
I was supposed to drink water earlier.
The coconut is ugly.
Let's eat out tonight.
of Modern Dispensationalism.
I'm crazy for you.
She has swelling in her left hand.
He was in college for the joy of learning.
November 20 is Monday.
From where is this chico?
We will sell the buko pies.
He aimed at the bird.
You hurt her.
Let me catch my breath.
She took his height.
But their meaning is constantly being lost.
The nut is green.
I will go in on Monday.
There is a man by the side of the pond.
People can bathe here for free and this is where the first hero started to disperse Spanish colonizers in the country.
Who will be reporting today?
She will fry smoked fish.
Do you know how to fry eggs?
Get me a glass of water.
The cucumber is nutritious.
I have seen them.
They don't serve it chilled.
It is never too late to make things right.
My daughter takes four medicines every morning.
How long had the player been playing before he scored?
He has tumor in his right shoulder.
Some of the bulls did not participate.
I'd like to buy herring scad.
She took a nap.
how much do nine apple cost?
You made halo-halo.
I am finished!
I want to buy a luffa.
Tom has no intention of letting his son travel by himself.
Cook lunch.
They thanked the doctor.
Be quiet.
It should be her who will be cooking for the celebration.
They are on their way to the dentist.
That fool lucked out.
Is this middle computer on the right is broken?
How much for the milkfish?
Where is the copy supposed to be locatef?
Oceans are home to multiple species of plants and animals.
The food in the plane is expensive!
It has been thirty-eight years since I have shampoo.
Their lives were cut short.
Cook beef stew.
That first computer in the middle is broken.
Do you drink milk?
My eggs are delicious.
I kept trying.
Hurry up, Tom.
We have five English lessons a week.
I got fired yesterday.
Can I cook the breakfast?
She jogged for 2 minutes.
The ants let me go.
My cousin shouldn't have been driving.
how much is eight kilos of ginger?
She is writing.
Let me know if I can stay all of my life.
The weather in Boston today is great.
They ate breads.
Tom made supper.
Those flowers have died.
The jellyfish's brother doesn't know the jellyfish's plight.
John said that he had never eaten sushi before.
They do not have inside the body or blood transfusions.
Emerging farmers should have full ownership title of their land.
It resulted in choking.
She has pain in her left knee.
My uncle is looking for small violet shoes.
The second table on the left is broken!
Do you know who the professor is for this class?
Keep on asking.
The termite will try not to disturb you while you're studying.
At 2:00 PM, there are forty-two conditioner at the grocery.
My aunt is looking for small brown pants.
She kept me waiting for half an hour.
The moringga is white.
It comes with a girl with some words.
He signaled them to stop.
They left the clinic.
My father is looking for large yellow pants.
That's almost impossible to do.
We have to rent a room for our party.
Sorry, I wasn't listening.
My sister is looking for a small cyan bag.
Whaever we do, we cannot change what already happened.
A closed-loop control system is a sensor that monitors system output (car speed) and enters data into a control controller (position of the trunk) when necessary to maintain the desired system's ouput ( match the speed of the car at reference speed).
They showered her.
how much does a thousand orange cost?
A gentleman wouldn't do such a thing.
Can i ask for a discount for the mandarin orange?
Their aunts visited me.
My brother has a ball.
A strong wind blew all day long.
I saw a stranger standing at the door.
The lettuce is wet.
I bought it last week.
December 14 is Monday.
We had a wonderful holiday.
His school is high class.
Divine worms are distinguished from other worms by the separation of their bodies.
I discovered a very nice place today.
She needed to undergo operation on her right eye.
I want to make you smile whenever you're sad.
What's your favorite holiday?
Very fast.
Roger works from dawn to dusk.
One tall bell tower is on top of the hill.
I like to buy seven big cashews.
The mushroom is blue.
He wrote on the blackboard.
The cucumber is brown.
Tom hid himself behind the curtain.
Shove this back into the tube.
He always feeds his child with tamarind to grow faster.
My brother fetched me.
Tom arrived early.
She eats apple to avoid sickness.
I like to buy four big lanzones.
Most of these are smaller than one millimeter.
Is this fresh mangrove king crab?
Radish is nutritious.
Don't forget to drink water.
November 4 is Thursday.
The oregano is dirty.
So hot.
I want to take a bath because I stink.
Tom couldn't answer even one question on yesterday's test.
They fought last November 24 because of money.
Where is the radish?
I will eat the bread on the table.
the future: the tribulation.
There are a lot of fish in that lake.
I eat lunch before work.
She advised him to visit Boston, because she thought it was the most beautiful city in the world.
It was ours yesterday, but now it is his.
The passage of genetic information on gams is obtained through a complementary base pair.
The ancient economy (ancient economy) is primarily based on substantial farming.
The wind is entering from the window.
October thirty-one is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Same last name!
The durian is fragrant.
Will you help me with the math homework?
The cat destroyed the sugar cane.
Do you still have pomfret?
It rained yesterday evening.
How many pieces of lanzones?
Nobody ever seems to mind except for my American clients, who get antsy when things dont go as planned.
Your meal should be made up of half protein and half vegtables.
Almost everyone eats bacon.
I am able to read English.
Will you join them?
The dog calls the cat every night.
There is no discount for the tilapia?
The empanadas that he made taste good.
Do you still have spanner crab?
It rained really hard last September 19.
That fifth table is broken.
He likes playing football.
I like to buy seven big guavas.
I don't usually eat red meat.
The onion is costly.
The flies looked back.
He will sell his guitar on December 28.
Today is my grandmother's birthday.
Bulls are aggressive.
Their clothes are loose.
Would they help?
For instance.
How much for fried meatloaf sandwich?
Eat peppers.
Tom took him to Maginhawa.
June one is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
The trouble is this.
Most especially in places that tourists really look forward to.
The squid wish the squid could go to japan.
He asked my name.
Tom will never forget the date.
The bear has seven cousins.
You can learn a language in an academy just like you can learn to dance flamenco in an academy.
Junk foods are bad for your health.
I only eat meat from animals that I have personally killed and butchered.
She wrote a book about the bird.
The prince cow takes the cow home.
The mango is artificial.
Three more hours back?
A person's risk of developing the common heart disorde may be increased if they also have depression.
He will go here on December 5.
I worked hard all day long yesterday.
They fought last September 18 because of money.
The ginger is perfect.
I want to quit.
The blackberry is soft.
His head is big.
I think they saw you.
Will you please let me borrow your calculator?
years ago.
Group yourselves into fours.
Respiratory infections are the ones most vulnerable to diseases, just like the tuberculosis that killed two million people a year, most of them living in Africa.
My father is looking for a small blue pajama.
My brother is looking for small brown pants.
Keep on singing!
I want to buy one bottle gourd.
The dog loudly barks at the green tree.
Tom speaks quickly.
Afternoon of December 26.
Is this fresh guava?
I want to buy four strawberry.
Is he/she there?
My nephew is looking for a small red bag.
My brother is looking for a small red pajama.
He had a fracture in his left foot.
We met last year.
The dead rat cannot read news about politics.
I like listening to music.
She needed to undergo operation on her hand.
how much do fifty malay apple cost?
You get nervous if you are not swimming alone.
She is feeling hot.
He will go here on November 8.
Can you give us the current count?
Sit down.
A mango is a fruit.
How much for sea grape seaweed?
I was dumb to expect for something that is eventually useless.
I saw Tom drive.
Do you happen to have the time?
falling down to the tile floor of Yangons Bogyoke market.
This first table on the left is broken!
The jasmine is spicy.
They are doing their best to preserve historical artifacts.
That middle chair is broken!
The crocodile do not make faces at them.
It's more fun in Saint Lucia.
how much does thousand manila bean cost?
Jack is an early riser.
If December 5 is Saturday,.
The rabbit's friends help in searching the rooms.
The terms "under the table" (under the table) and "off the books" usually refer to this kind of economy.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Vanuatu.
My daughter takes thirteen medicines every afternoon.
Training ended.
How many pieces of archer fish?
Handling this month after month seemed an insurmountable task.
They plan to ask the professor.
Her dream is to travel around the world.
The ship went through the Panama Canal.
These chairs on the right are broken!
I was supposed to go there but it is far.
I like the arrangement that does as much as possible to preserve the 1987 Michael Jackson.
If October 2 is Saturday,.
Put mango on your plate.
Nah, they're coming home to their families.
He eventually got rich from working hard.
Keep on running.
This middle chair on the left is broken.
I prefer to go alone.
They celebrated last January 12.
In the span of our three days in Baguio I was able to learn a lot from that place.
Is this fourth computer on the right is broken?
That's usually how I see things.
How much for winged beans?
My mother is looking for medium violet shoes.
They will eat later.
Have you eaten yet?
Maybe it won't rain tomorrow.
How much for coriander?
Are they accompanying me?
All those chairs in the middle are broken.
You drank my fruit shake.
Business is good.
The spider is a god of evil.
We appreciate your sincerity and humility.
The cat sees the tiger.
The lion's evidence points to the athlete.
how much is four kilos of guava?
I have a book.
The dragonfly's family accepts the baby dragonfly.
We're already too late.
The carabao became the captain of the bicycle club.
Please fry tocino.
The dog is in the theater.
How much does it cost for one person?
Are you going to the next police station later at 7:00 AM.
Volcanoes are dangerous.
They had a spat yesterday.
We eat together.
The liquors are being drank by you.
How many pieces of cocoyam?
The CEO will release a statement soon.
The rival tiger's team has few members.
She has swelling in her hands.
It ain't over till the fat lady sings.
There is a restaurant on the top floor.
The canals here look really dirty.
The cucumber is prohibited.
the way that they keep this doctrine in the.
I can't explain it either.
I'm going to eat with friends.
The fly dropped by just to say hello.
What is the title of that song?
Can i ask for a discount for the fermented zigandis paste?
Please open your book to page two.
The pepper is sweet.
The orchid is unripe.
We ran after the thief.
Many tourists going to Sagada came from Manila.
Mary senses the aliens are watching her.
I want cucumber in my food.
Health science is what she is studying.
Don't ask me anything.
The third chair is vacant.
The lizard can't find my watch.
Noon of October 19.
What are you going to do during the summer holidays?
My elder sister takes six medicines every evening.
He should be drinking coffee right now!
Did it rain last November 2.
Is October 11 Friday.
(Mark 13:24) But in those days.
my shirt with the hole in it.
how much do fifteen luffa cost?
John is absent.
He can dance.
They are healthy.
My son takes six medicines every morning.
I'm fine now.
We will travel to Los Angeles by way of Hawaii.
These products are of the same quality.
I don't have bread.
It's raining outside again.
The wolf do not know how much it cost.
He sold his guitar last September 23.
what times are you open?
Why didn't you mention this earlier?
I'm not busy tonight.
He has quadruplets.
The chocolates are being eaten by them.
The swan has special powers.
We are finished.
The rats can leave.
I like to buy seven big durians.
She drank the liquors.
I will call on him tomorrow.
I don't trust my self in making the right decisions in life.
I wish tomorrow will be November 8.
He ran to the road.
Did it rain last October 21.
I am cooking beef.
There is someone in the car.
There is still some food left.
Grapes are delicious.
I called an ambulance.
milkfish is more expensive.
The mustard is new.
Tom's early.
There is no discount for the turnip?
How much for pomfret?
The eggplant is sweet.
He needs to undergo operation on his foot.
He always eats apple to be healthy.
The banana is tasteless.
I want to sell three sugar apple.
The cucumber is whole.
The moth wonder what the moth will do.
We are drinking our sprite.
Is this fresh ground pork?
Some fireflies agree on the idea.
The cabbage is wet.
He drank your royal.
The moringga is bitter.
This school is peaceful.
He will rest later.
are you selling wax gourd?
The puppies run in floorball.
Why do you avoid answering?
Tom died at an early age.
Darwin's former Cambridge tutors Sedgwick and Henslow abandoned these ideas forcing liberal priests to interpret the natural selection as the instrument of the god design that it saw by the priest Charles Kingsley as "like the great concept of god".
Our food were served at the same time.
This is my friend.
For example, embryo of terrestrial soil creates gill slits such as fish embryos.
Can you fry hotdog?
Can i ask for a discount for the sponge gourd?
My son takes two medicines every morning.
All the computers in the middle are broken!
You're three days late.
The bat will try not to disturb you while you're studying.
As soon as I can get packed.
One hundred years is called a century.
Do you still have milkfish?
The termite feel cold.
The fish are dying.
My uncle is looking for a small white sweater.
Wash your face.
Let's forget it.
My favorite color is green.
The budget can be used to fixing the cracked wall.
It's already November 20!.
Don't you understand?
We still much to do for our class.
I don't remember where I put my key.
You just cooked breakfast.
I grabbed 11 rebounds in my basketball game last Friday.
Please cook the rice.
The garlic is new.
The typhoon caused the river to flood.
Morning of December 13.
The owl won't stand for this.
Pearl of the Orient.
We are going to Thrill Walk.
I want to buy a durian.
Our boss reminded us to always stay healthy.
Tom promised Mary he'd come home early.
I like to buy four small watermelons.
He is handsome.
My elder sister takes ten medicines every afternoon.
Tom certainly is aware of what happened here yesterday.
Sheep are members of society.
I do not want to go.
He had just finished eating dinner.
The goat is hated by the student council.
Tom moved quickly.
Do not go back.
I'm sure his endeavors will continue.
I want to buy more black plum.
On November 30.
He was trapped inside his own room.
It looks like the party in power will win the upcoming election.
Our class are separate.
He is always speaking ill of his wife.
I build toys.
This fourth chair on the left is broken.
This is the very best method.
Get well soon and eat a lot.
Anatomy is a biological branch of the body structure and the type of organism of the living.
July six is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
October thirty-one is the date today.
What are you doing?
Some horses do not know how to play the game.
I like to buy five small peppers.
They put the blame on me.
These chairs in the middle are broken.
Is there a store near here?
Guess.
Will I buy dinner?
He will eat eggplant because he wants to be healthy.
She is cooking dinner.
Do not toss at others.
Let's do dinner tomorrow.
How much for cashew?
That professor is known to not give partial points.
Toast bread is our best seller.
how much do five turnip cost?
Oh, no! We're running out of gas.
In 5 years time I?╟╓ll have finished university.
You are crazy.
This helps.
how much do two mustard cost?
The pot is open, lingering around parks and sidewalks, not just your brothers basement room.
Do you want it?
My uncle is looking for large grey pants.
how much do ninety squash cost?
His body will get stronger if he eats apple.
Where do turtles lay eggs?
how much is two kilos of melon?
It's already September 11!.
I like to buy two big peppers.
I want to eat oranges.
I had a late breakfast.
It's sunny all month long except last December 16.
Chopsticks are hard to use.
You are boiling the beef.
November twenty-five is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
I didn't eat it.
The fifth table on the left is broken!
There are so many assignments!
The coconut is dusty.
Sing.
We are following the dentist.
The taro is sticky.
We're leaving tonight.
I listen to music.
The third table on the right is broken.
The durian is beautiful.
There are a lot of things about managing money that you should know about.
I need to find a boarding house closer to the factory.
There are a lot of members of the evil society.
He is becoming healthy by eating tamarind.
Can i ask for a discount for the pickled papaya?
The starfruit is colorful.
I want to sell five milkfish.
The bat have not read all the books.
Tell me the reason you were absent from school yesterday.
How much for soy bean?
She has swelling in her eye.
Last monday, we bought apple from the store.
He needs local anesthetic.
They went back last January 11.
He will eat guava because he wants to be healthy.
Those computers are broken!
Tom left after breakfast.
Can I go to the bathroom?
My sister is looking for a large cyan watch.
He needs medicine for his elbow.
That small mistake you made was costly to the team.
Tom was immediately concerned.
My aunt is looking for a small violet sweater.
The grades he got were high.
You will sell the fruits.
He studied hard and passed the test.
You can marinate the beef for eleven hours.
The rabbit's brother has been missing.
He said, "I will say nothing more, because I hate making excuses.".
The evil society is made up of turtles.
The hibiscus is brown.
We talked last February 19.
Let's fry dried fish.
How long will you be able to finish the task I gave you?
The owl walked quickly so that the owl might catch the first train.
Tom ran out of his house in a hurry.
I want to sell a mango.
I am very glad.
The cow is not pleased.
The dog is licking my sweet ice cream.
I know now.
We ran last April 16.
The teachers have a meeting.
I like to buy three small durians.
I don't have an appetite.
She would probably need a wheelchair to get around.
I was surprised to learn that peanut butter is an ingredient of kare-kare.
how much does a billion lanzones cost?
October 15 is Monday.
That means you were not dreaming about world history.
That laptop seems to be affordable.
Eat more vegetables.
The owl lost an earring.
I can't bear to look anymore.
The children wrote.
How many pieces of cucumber?
May to August.
My father is looking for a small orange pajama.
My nephew is looking for small violet clothes.
Although the simplest example of a DNA sequence involves only three DNA strands, complexes involving additional strands and multiple branches are also possible.
That mango is fragrant.
Is there any discount for the flying fish?
how much do thirteen jackfruit cost?
Here is your salad.
Her parents are asking her to go to Manila to consult a doctor.
Let's drive to the lake.
Tom goes out drinking every evening.
My father takes eleven medicines every afternoon.
Anaerobic Additive Negative Bacteria It contains a guillotine, Veillonellaceae, and three genera, Veillonella, Acidaminococcus and Megasphaera.
There's something I'd like to show you.
The worm take the bus to school.
You are my princess.
She is not much of a cook, but at least she gives it a go.
He said he would be gone for two days.
He is in the hospital because of his left arm.
It's so exciting.
We are making ice cream.
how much do thirteen sesame cost?
The puppies train at the railroad.
I like to buy seven big bottle gourds.
It can be seen in this image the anatomy of a dog.
You are eating the cheap meats.
Where is the vinegar?
But many of the remnants of evil remained.
You rinsed the ingredients.
My mother helps me when I get problems with my studies.
My uncle is looking for medium green shorts.
The puppy's floorball stick is old.
The firefly begs for its life.
She has swelling in her elbows.
The snails hugged.
My aunt is looking for a large grey watch.
Can it buy it at forty pesos?
how much do fifteen banana cost?
I like to buy four small star apples.
You can cook the pork stew.
The seagulls look rather fake.
Will you cook breakfast?
The case highlights the problem of overworking.
I don't have knife.
Those who rode the jeep love each other.
Nowadays, traveling costs a lot of money.
An example of a king of pancit is pancit habhab.
We cannot join in the activities.
You have no ability to teach swimming.
The liquor will be drank by me.
He wrote a poem.
They will soak it in broth.
You are cooking fish.
They are giving him medicine.
Guavas are delicious.
News Anchor: New microchip technology now.
The kittens cannot believe the death of the kitten.
The squid know tom lied.
I'm so full but I still want dessert.
The chili is costly.
My mother is looking for a medium pink shirt.
My grandmother takes seven medicines every evening.
It will take you far, far away, it will bring the real you to the surface, it will completely change your life.
This food you cooked is tasty.
EJ denied the rumors that she's pregnant.
how much is one kilo of rambutan?
Where is the salt?
My elder sister takes seven medicines every afternoon.
Can I just add more water?
how much do seventy bottle gourd cost?
I'm eating pepper.
Will you come with me later?
I want to go on a vacation next year in Albania.
We need ice.
I really appreciate your help.
There's one thing I don't understand.
From where is this napa cabbage?
I forget the things I saw in my last trip.
The bear is quickly eating.
I'm glad you're early.
Toss at the ball.
She is buying breakfast.
I like to buy two small peppers.
The whale think this medicine will do you a lot of good.
The crocodile asked you a question.
I am familiar with the author's name.
How many pieces of mangrove red snapper?
The building collapsed in the earthquake.
From where is this milkfish?
Think for yourself.
She is building.
At the beginning of the 20th century, genetics was incorporated into Darwin's evolutionary theory through natural selection through the population geneticist.
August 18th.
I can?╟╓t wait to post the final article.
That fourth chair is broken!
Her parents are asking her to go to Manila to medicine there.
The strawberry is dusty.
The weird hen gathers information.
Yesterday I walked to the park.
The cat had a lover.
They have added a variety of odors in their new perfume line.
Tom should have been eating more vegetables and not as much meat.
My mother is looking for medium cyan shoes.
Do you want something?
Mary had finished her homework before Mike came home.
how much do seven bitter gourd cost?
Don't forget to eat the food in the fridge.
He will eat onion to strengthen his immune system.
She is no longer eating sugar.
The goat is going to buy juice of a fruit.
Brush your teeth first.
Eat fruits.
I count books.
This little penguin had been living in Antarctica before he was captured and brought to this zoo.
How much for octopus?
I like to buy six big chili peppers.
The eagles had nothing.
In the United States, the first study of health conditions in Boston began in 1850.
I want to buy five shark.
You can cook the chicken.
When the separation of the two is near, each one pulls their cells out of which the cell wall and the plasma membrane resize.
Some hours passed.
how much is one kilo of manila bean?
I can cook the breakfast.
You're so precious when you smile.
Valencia is famous for its unusual architecture.
My mother is looking for a small violet shirt.
be like at that moment when the sun goes dark.
The sunflower is illegal.
This is exactly what I've been looking for.
I create music.
The jackfruit is sweet.
it.
The bear hid in a cave.
He will write a book until September 6.
Is this fifth chair in the middle is broken?
Some carabaos got in the way.
The banana is healthy.
We usually eat cooked fish.
I'd like to buy mullet fish.
She suddenly fell silent.
Tom left Boston yesterday.
That third computer on the right is broken!
You should be drinking milk!
The carabaos can do anything.
At 1:00 PM, there are sixteen silver at the next subway station.
When can I see you?
The wrestler weighs over 200 kilograms.
They are cooking fish.
We read.
Let's stay awhile over there.
He got me to buy a vegetable.
He eats apple because he wants to be healthy.
How much is one kilo of rice?
The liquors will be drank by them.
Tomorrow is my teacher's birthday.
Now kids are making animated movies on handheld tablets.
My nephew is looking for medium brown clothes.
I leave for an eight-day business trip this Sunday.
She is boiling corn.
Only 36 left.
Scramble the egg.
I'll show them tomorrow whether I'm a boy.
You will sell fruits.
Go here on October 4.
Now, think about everything being recorded.
My neighbor is scared to swim in the sea.
The ant goes to the next village.
That was just arrogance.
I assume you've had supper.
Afternoon of December 7.
They're staring at you because you were at the party too.
The gorgeous low moon serenades the earth.
Mathematics is her weak point.
The chick admired a famous volleyball player.
He will need to undergo operation on his arms.
He wants to study music and dance.
The questions were made well.
The turnip is new.
There was a queen with a fair face.
The guava is nutritious.
While he was kept engaged, Randy altered a few words in his speech.
Morning of December 18.
Do you know what time it is in Boston?
What should we cook?
I came back early.
The snail like dogs.
Nineteen.
Pull it out.
He seldom gets in.
My butt hurts.
Are you going to the domestic airport later at 10:00 AM.
How did he feel yesterday?
I am cooking breakfast.
Taking a shower removes sweat off the skin.
I ran to the tree.
In an hour's time.
I used a 3D printer to print my own figurine.
A cell is divided into two cells.
The mustard is effective.
Do not worry, I will not neglect you.
My friend and I fought last night.
My mother is looking for small orange shoes.
Spirit spiders have powers.
There are two killer birds.
The cucumber is inadequate.
We ate at your grandmother's house.
He has been sold chocolates.
My uncle is looking for small grey shorts.
The cottage looked as if nobody were living in it.
I wish you happiness.
Tom allowed Mary to go home early.
The onion is healthy.
I have a cat.
You fried egg.
My uncle is looking for large brown pants.
If you are sleeping ninety times in ninety days,.
I'd like to buy garlic chive.
What is your favorite drinks?
My mother is looking for large green pants.
I like to buy three big cabbages.
Go here on October 3.
I raise my hand.
how much do ten sugar apple cost?
Her medicine is here.
Where are you going on Saturday?
Where is the mangrove red snapper?
Can i ask for a discount for the coriander?
She has infection in her spine.
He is happy.
January fifteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
I made another drawing.
My pants are getting tighter.
Do you still have deepwater red snapper?
Ilocos is known for sugarcane.
The prince cow's companions look for the prince cow.
She is sauteing vegetables and meats.
He ran from the dormitory.
The banana is brown.
I will play to exercise.
He went to Tokyo yesterday.
Give me a clue.
The mango is healthy.
What size do you wear in a sweater?
how much do ninety malay apple cost?
He became sick because of the eggplant you gave.
The rice is rare.
Excuse me, do you know what time it is?
Please cook the soup.
We stopped for supper at a local restaurant.
She is grilling the corn.
The city is a casino with open doors.
It is tonight.
Who was absent from school last week?
The bat kissed tom.
I like to buy eight small shirts.
It prevents both transcription and DNA replication to cause poisoning and mutations.
I went for a walk to get some air.
Where is your mother?
Christ is our Savior.
Tom bought three bottles of red wine.
He likes to expose phony people.
They will eat the chocolate.
How can I learn to understand Japanese?
Don't go.
I made several mistakes in the exam.
My head hurts.
The cockroach is looking for members.
She always eats pomelo to be healthy.
The dog is fatty.
Let the thread enter the needle's hole.
Sisig is usually made of pork, sometimes chicken.
My niece is looking for a large black bag.
We will soak it in soy sauce.
He has a large dog.
Most hens wants to get rich.
This method is extremely reliable technology in determining the matching DNA.
Their grandfather is good in cooking dinner.
Did I cook supper?
I capture images.
We are cooking the supper.
The jasmine is bitter.
Mary showed the letter to me.
The opponent tiger shoots the ball.
He is on his way to my dentist.
How much for cuttlefish?
More fireflies are killed everyday.
I bought this from San Francisco.
Can you still do it?
He has been smiling for ninety minutes at the shoe shop.
We found the beds quite comfortable.
She had been very angry for the past several days.
The jackfruit is bland.
How much for tilapia?
He has tumor in his testicle.
The mother is the light of the house.
how much is six kilos of wax gourd?
Privatewriting.com will take care of your academic success.
You cooked breakfast?
I wanted to do everything as planned.
He always feeds his child with tamarind to grow healthy.
Under the atomic attraction as well as in subatomic physics, Marie and Pierre Currie are researching the boundaries of chemistry and physics using chemistry techniques to refine the radium element and study its unique physical properties.
We have not learned enough from the classroom.
The banana is strange.
Should we pay for our fare?
I had someone at work dismiss my anxiety like it doesn't exist.
Are you kidding?
They went and bought my fruits after getting to taste them.
Sis, teach me the stuff I do not understand.
My mother is looking for medium orange clothes.
Where are my shoes?
I like to buy two big bottle gourds.
There are many ways to cook food.
He just wants to sleep all day tomorrow.
The cucumber is blue.
The magical bears have a secret weapon.
The author's name is familiar to us.
Join him.
Pineapple is good for the body.
The spider lives in a village.
There are many good doctors in Egypt.
She will eat banana for faster recovery.
I chopped a vegetable.
I will call my grandmother later.
I wholeheartedly believe that he does not qualify for the job.
They are in denial.
The lettuce is famous.
So Jesus Christ.
Tom only eats fast food.
August twenty-eight is the date today.
The ant wonder whether tom will call me or not.
It's more fun in Colombia.
Can you cook adobo?
lanzones is getting more expensive.
Ester's voice is beautiful.
He said that the drug came from Germany.
If you have low grades, you are a slave.
Don't be shy to sing and dance.
how much does one million meat cost?
There were curtains hanging over the window.
Many lions are dropping off the competition.
We are jogging for 4 minutes.
At 1:00 PM, there are ninety younger sister at the next bus station.
The fruit will be eaten by her.
They drank her water.
The funeral for the dog was held on the volleyball court.
You will fry chicken.
I'm not feeling well.
This synthesis includes evidence from genetically-trained biologists studying in the field and laboratory populations.
How can I have answers?
I ran to the restroom.
The taro is brown.
I don't know how to use fork and knife.
Some cats fainted.
Let our guest in.
He will throw you.
I didn't know the truth until yesterday.
This mango is cold.
They are content with things as they are.
how much do seventy banana cost?
The corn is green.
Cook the tofu for three to four minutes.
Remove your cap.
We are exercising.
We'll go on a picnic tomorrow.
Should he be happy about that?
What's the best viand to achieve sourness to stew?
You made the halo-halo.
15 cloves garlic, minced.
sixty-four.
Let?╟╓s meet on November 17.
It's hard to say goodbye to the people that is close to your heart.
The termite have already finished reading this book.
The fourth chair is vacant.
You ate a lot.
The mung bean is rare.
Morning of October 7.
You are eating buko pies.
how much do twenty garlic cost?
From where is this philippine sausage?
He will eat onion to strengthen his bones.
His grandfather is good in cooking breakfast.
You cooked rice.
Tom has lived in Boston since he was three.
Please take it off.
The cockroaches decide to journey together.
The cucumber is red.
What's your favorite city?
Are you cooking soup?
The rice is big.
My father is looking for a medium orange sweater.
We managed to eat a lot of pancit.
Is this fresh blue marlin?
When did you see him dancing for her?
Where should the papers be?
The chicken is pecking the worm.
The durian is shiny.
Lake Manze Camp made that feeling even deeper.
Do you still have mangrove king crab?
I am going to leave tomorrow.
You are drinking milk!
Share the results of the exam.
How in Gods name is it possible that Ive lived two years in Spain and still cant understand the natives when they talk about the weather?
The distance between two mountains is large.
Come and see me tonight.
This is how it ends.
My brother is looking for a large cyan sweater.
I wish tomorrow will be October 1.
how much is four kilos of soursoup?
You are drinking your wine.
I am sick.
Each was headed by a chieftain called the rajah or datu.
The snail just do not know what to say.
News Anchor: But in this case.
There are many types of adverbs.
Someone will send you something.
The bear tried to kill my enemy.
I like to buy ten small peppers.
Do you eat bananas?
She keeps moaning that she has no time.
You've worked hard for months and have certainly earned a holiday.
I am drinking liquors.
orange is the most expensive.
No, I can't drink right now.
Let's buy three porridge with egg and roasted pig in Tejeros.
It's more fun in Venezuela.
I was alone in the classroom.
Their cat scared away the thief.
The floor is slippery, so be careful.
How much for cucumber?
The dog added sugar to its coffee.
Do you have groupmates already?
Are people buying your breads?
This sentence is in the present tense.
There is a picture on the wall.
We are staying with her family.
September 12 is Thursday.
The eggplant is cooked.
They have a cold.
She consulted a doctor in England.
the price of bitter gourd is getting more expensive.
I think you're wrong.
It's more fun in Turkmenistan.
We just cooked breakfast.
how much do five sardines cost?
Can I get glimpse?
My grandmother takes twelve medicines every afternoon.
Economic economies of precedence The economy may be considered to grow through the following stages or precedence level.
She shouted for help, but no one came.
She does not need your money.
I'm not going to eat it.
I prefer meat over vegetables.
The monkey can't face the truth.
You are frying potatoes.
You are selling the meats.
The tamarind is dead.
I would have sold my soul.
how much do ten tamarind cost?
You can?╟╓t have read the instructions properly that's why you failed last month's exam.
how much do thirty radish cost?
From 3:00 PM to 4:00 PM.
Is his story true? "I'm afraid not."
Start driving.
The game is hard for shrimps.
Distribution The bacteria are found in all corners of the globe.
The car is white.
From where is this sweet potato sprout?
There is no beating in her chest.
Someone ate our cupcakes.
How much is the wax gourd?
If you are buying twelve times in twelve hours,.
She listened to her nurse.
Are all the computers on the left broken?
how much do eighteen pork cost?
We are rinsing the ingredients.
It was the season of darkness.
Good Afternoon friend.
I leave on Tuesday.
My nephew is excited to travel.
My skin tingled.
They fought last September 27 because of money.
They arrived in Paris at the same time.
The Rabbi was obviously bemused to say the least.
The ship had been encircled with coils of razor wire below the handrails.
The whale would go to the movies if the whale had the time.
The second table on the left is broken.
Exercise may help against depression.
They want to go to the clinic.
but we also know that the precedent of a $20 million settlement will invite more allegations whether theyre true or not.
Where is the wrasse?
This is my school.
Tom hasn't much money with him.
The paper given was not enough.
I have to find out where Tom went yesterday.
The watermelon is yellow.
This semi-classic method breaks when its phenomenal variation in the electromagnetic field has an important role as it evokes the potons of cargo particles.
You said you are going.
Ma'am is coming.
You're early again.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Guyana.
Bacon is usually eaten during breakfast.
November 1 is Monday.
He wants to go to the ER.
Tom is diligent with cooking, he's always the one cooking lunch.
Now why are you asking silly questions?
Do you like French food?
you should get some sleep now.
He finished elementary.
how much do twelve malay apple cost?
This picture lets us look back at a moment when Jackson and Chandler were only the King of Pop and an excited fan.
Is this fresh salt?
Some carabaos hate bikes.
Is this fresh archer fish?
I need a holiday.
Are you going to the next toilet later at 8:00 PM.
I want to sell five kidney bean.
My niece is looking for small blue pants.
Tom drives a black boat.
She ate the chocolate.
I think I'll eat later.
I can't be free from the misery.
Rebellion is not a solution to the problem.
Hello? May I speak with Mary? "Please wait a moment.".
I will return the book as soon as I can.
The pear is ripe.
I went down to the first floor using the stairwell.
He is the one who wrote the poem for Hina.
Tom is already late.
The chamomile is holy.
Tom arrived early this morning.
A few months passed.
I gave it to Tom yesterday.
I will do this later.
Their hands are sweaty.
There are many posters on the wall.
There are many ways to be happy.
Dinuguan has black broth.
You will die young if you do not stop smoking.
Why are you crying?
The watermelon is dead.
Build-up of minerals in the kidney is dangerous.
In most organisms, DNA polymerase works on a large complex called a replicome that contains multiple bottom-to-unit accessories such as DNA clamps or helicases.
If they had made it, all would know.
She is already losing willpower.
The International Code of Virus Classification and Nomenclature (ICVCN) remains outside of BioCode.
20th day of May.
A sign, maybe, of good things to come.
They fought last October 7 because of money.
How early can you finish it?
She said that the illegal drug came from Manila.
I want to buy two orange.
They were thankful that the parents were understanding.
At some point, you have to participate in whatever youre studying or youre not going to have a complete understanding.
Can I fry fish?
Pineapple chicken is my father?╟╓s favorite dish.
The eleventh of November.
Did they cook dinner?
He could not find the hospital.
Did you think of something?
The rat thanked the dog for his time.
He will go here on December 3.
There is a high quality of education in the community.
31st.
As an American abroad, its hard to shake the habit.
The pear is colorful.
Noon of September 10.
Her dentist is here.
I asked my son what he really wanted.
With the start of the new year, you might be thinking now is the time to get healthy.
mustard is the cheapest.
Her explanation is unclear.
Are you artistic?
We will fry the potatoes.
She has swelling in her right foot.
She cared for them.
The other chicken helps the stuck chicken.
The middle table on the left is broken.
Many will go the next day.
My brother is looking for a large pink shirt.
Their feet were severed.
I like to buy seven small carrots.
Since it was so hot, we went swimming.
He has been sleeping for five months at the next park.
The lead is back to ten.
He will write a book until October 8.
Let's cook rice.
I'm famished.
I caught you with another man.
Can I cook the dessert?
To lose weight, you should not eat rice.
The pear is blue.
She shall study.
Jellyfishes are strong.
I don't have time tomorrow.
how much do seventeen cabbage cost?
I have one foot.
There was blood all over the floor.
They listened to the doctor.
Everyone has their own free thoughts.
July 10th.
The monkey is watching dragonball.
She has to pay their hospital bill.
neither this tuesday morning nor tomorrow.
Dad doesn't bring his car at Friday.
We praciticed for the presentation.
Making friends with other students is a must .
luffa is very cheap.
One day I took her to the chapel.
He eats guava to lose weight.
I didn't saw your bag.
You boiled sweet potatoes.
I think I'll do that.
The crocodile didn't know how long the dog expected me to wait.
how much is nine kilos of lanzones?
The food at Boracay is expensive.
You will prepare duck.
You have to hear this.
I'd like to attend the party.
Some sheep see the weird sheep.
The goat is absent from school because I was sick.
The other jellyfish helps the stuck jellyfish.
We will sell chocolates.
strawberry is not that expensive.
She eats onion to strengthen his bones.
My child takes one medicine every morning.
The mosquitoes have eyes.
There is siopao that is bola-bola and there is also siopao that is asado.
You are full of words, but you are not doing anything.
It's finished.
Do we have a meeting later?
Feeling dizzy when bending over is a common occurrence.
That is their company.
The scorpion's friends sleep early.
On November 30.
Tomorrow is fine.
I have already drunk milk!
I live in Cape Verde.
I did not want to leave your lips.
I hope I don't get colds because of the amount of that ice cream.
I like to buy six small string beans.
It's sunny all month long except last September 20.
My son takes nine medicines every morning.
He threw away the spoiled food.
It's still possible that you might be asking.
Their pants are tight.
Dogs will eat anything.
He will need to undergo operation on his left elbow.
My father makes good use of his time.
The trains were jammed with commuters.
Very cheerful, no?
The founders wanted to create a place of worship that was seemingly identical to the norm (Christianity.).
I want to buy three rambutan.
The durian is bent.
He looked at me like it was way too early for Abbot and Costello routines. (What are you talking about?).
The lychee is heavy.
The lice wouldn't be too surprised if tom didn't show up on time.
I have a brother.
He is excited.
The watermelon is thirsty.
My nephew is looking for large green shoes.
It's very rude of you to say a thing like that.
He will eat jackfruit to have beautiful skin.
The bear leaves the pigs.
How many pieces of snapper?
Theveste was founded towards the close of the 1st century A.D.
Isn't it about time you went to bed?
Many chickens are sleepy.
The mango is not yet ripe.
Teach me how to dance.
My niece is looking for a small magenta shirt.
Do you still have pickled mango?
Where do you work?
Only 30 left.
The horse met other horses.
There are three main sectors of economic activity: primary, secondary, and tertiary.
It is hard to climb a mountain with only canned goods to eat.
Good, where do you keep it?
The magnolia is fragrant.
I made a mistake.
I am my own beauty.
I want brown rice cake with grated coconut.
December 12 is Wednesday.
Her cooking is amazing.
Do you have a dream?
Lions can handle the cold.
I will stay here till three o'clock.
We listened to the dentist.
verse 22 actually took place before verse.
We are so high up.
wrath on this earth.
She always feeds her child with jackfruit to be healthy.
Now I am very tired and I will rest.
I became a member of the club in 1980.
Will you buy breakfast?
The moth do not know much about this subject.
Are they leaving next Sunday?
Her mother is asking her to go to Japan to consult a doctor.
It was the worst of times.
Say you will.
The lice have no time to explain this in detail.
The wolf will follow you.
My niece is looking for large yellow shorts.
I'd like to buy cuttlefish.
So no one would notice your bleeding heart.
Don't ever do that kind of thing again.
He lost his money last October 20.
I want to finish my suffering already.
Laboratory scientists also examined the rejuvenation of this same ability to emit nylon byproducts in Pseudomonas aeruginosa placed in an environment with no other nutrient resources.
during his expedition in 1542.
They are selling chocolates.
Why are you stupid?
He said that the drug is coming from Spain.
He agrees with my opinion.
Some fish do not need help.
At last, I will have my sleep.
This third chair on the left is broken.
My coworker was bugging me.
Do you eat a lot?
Is he the person you are looking for?
I just want you to know.
Biology is a natural science pertaining to the study of living and living organisms including their structure, functions, growth, evolution, distribution and economics.
When will they answer?
Mary looked as if she had not slept for 48 hours.
There is a bank in front of the hotel.
I fried potatoes.
To be honest, I don't like you at all.
Don't just eat fish. Eat some meat, too.
My aunt is looking for a medium violet shirt.
She made a portrait of her friend out of yarn.
We took a tour of the British Parliament.
Where do you watch television?
I ate curry yesterday.
She would come with you.
Can i ask for a discount for the chinese cabbage?
Are you going to the cinema later at 5:00 AM.
It is far.
The chili is withered.
Why are you always late for work?
I would like to applaud our team leader for motivating us.
Dog athletes are common.
What is your allowance?
She made leche flan.
My favorite vegetable is garlic.
If you are sleeping forty-four times in forty-four minutes,.
This is your last lap, my friends.
The goat is Korean.
I told you never to move in a group.
Here, somatic cells respond to specific signals and are not suitable for reproduction and its uncontrolled growth causes cancer.
The worm made it myself.
How much for dried fish?
The seagull begins training.
My sister is the best.
The macaroni that I made taste good.
She consulted a doctor in Spain.
She looked for the doctor.
He is a doctor and a university professor.
He sold his guitar last September 8.
November 28 is the day of his death.
life is better now than it has ever been.
They have triplets.
I hope I pass the UPCAT.
I like to buy three small lanzones.
They run every twenty minutes.
The cheap meats are being eaten by you.
It's sunny all month long except last September 3.
You do not love me anymore.
He is here now.
He needed to undergo operation on his foot.
how much does a nuts cost?
Is this fresh cobia?
Loving can hurt.
My father is looking for a medium magenta sweater.
Who is the owner of this?
Would you like another glass of wine?
how much do two squash cost?
I didn't see who was driving the airplane.
December 11 is Wednesday.
The mountain collapsed due to the rain.
They are preparing the ingredients of the dish.
how much does a hundred jackfruit cost?
We traveled around the country by car.
Where is the gizzard shad?
I had to go there yesterday.
After an hour of poking and prodding.
The whale is eating shrimp for lunch.
Where can your twenty pesos reach?
I'll get it later.
I am writing the correct answer.
How much for hot dog?
The snake is my friend.
She got me to buy a vegetable.
It's eating time.
I sometimes wish we were still married.
I want to sell more guava.
Harold had known about it for a while.
Water boils at 100 degrees.
Will it rain tomorrow?
I am here.
If a noodle shop in Yangon receives tips from tourists, how might they change their business to attract more tourists and thus more money?
Is December 30 Friday.
Let?╟╓s meet on October 12.
how much do sixteen pineapple cost?
I'd like to buy crimson snapper.
What's the average temperature here?
jackfruit is the cheapest.
My nephew is looking for large orange clothes.
But we are helping.
sorts of theologians - whatever you do or.
If September 1 is Saturday,.
All those tables on the right are broken!
You are frying the milkfish.
Tom always worries about his daughter.
I believe the police will ignore you.
Can i ask for a discount for the cheese?
It's more fun in Vietnam.
I was the only one who wasn't injected with morphine.
I will go first.
Laughter is the best medicine.
If it's not yet November 13,.
The oat is unripe.
My aunt will kill me.
The duck's coach said not to follow him.
14th day of August.
In contrast, the offspring of sexual reproduction organisms contain mixes of their parents' chromosomes.
We have to keep living.
He should be drinking water now.
Spiders have lots of eyes.
Did Mary buy you lunch?
I met Tom tonight.
This is where my family used to live.
I will buy this.
Look at the line where the sky meets the sea.
Let us make a practical use of what we learned.
The worm noticed.
just take the pre-tribulation rapture as fact.
The corporation executed a series of financial deals.
The durian is heavy.
March thirteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
The camel feeds the baby camel.
What did you study last night?
He ran into his former employer on his way to an interview.
She eats eggplant to get strong.
Is the university's library open now?
I did not know what to say.
Where is the mung bean sprouts?
I eat everything on the apple including the core.
Want to go fishing?
Rocks are plentiful.
Please cook adobo.
He is selling chocolates.
The ant really loved him.
This is taught in 8th grade physics.
There's a lot of food places at Maginhawa.
Morning of December 29.
She has pain in her foot.
This second chair on the right is broken.
June ten is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Tom says he has never tried eating whale meat.
November 25 is Thursday.
He took off his shoes.
Next day Rostov saw Denisov off.
How many pieces of spanish mackerel?
how much does one hundred melon cost?
You finished college.
The lilac is elusive.
Please use your headphone.
I wish I had wings to wander around.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Bhutan.
Wanna try ice cream?
His feet are sore.
I don't know what this is but it tastes good.
I did see him.
Tom ate all my candy.
September 8 is Wednesday.
We'll finish later.
He is giving the diagnosis now.
The dog is deaf.
I spent the whole day cleaning up the room.
how much is six kilos of soursoup?
The pepper will be eaten by you.
The snail do not care how old you are.
Those chairs in the middle are broken.
You have to calm down before the situation gets worse.
There are still many papers.
Do you have the list of ingredients to buy?
Which kind of music do you like?
Go here on November 17.
You are not standing up.
He lives in the forest.
The snails are dead.
He has jaw pain.
We are admitting the patient.
Twelve.
The cockroach stays in the island.
The janitor is tired.
They are giving her a blood test.
Women with fuller faces have to work doubly hard in the makeup industry to get noticed.
What are you going to play?
By which means, force and motion may be transmitted and modified.
The dog laughed at the bear.
in it to prove their doctrine.
He will sell his guitar on October 25.
They are cooking the supper.
People who always smile are scarier.
The coconut is costly.
A dry mouth is caused by lack of saliva.
We will make cheeses.
And she's going again next week!
Tom loved bananas.
The duck won the competition.
I already told you.
Want a shave?
I usually read while I eat.
I don't know when.
I'll set the alarm for seven o'clock.
That was cooked in oil.
No one knows it is you.
You can fry egg.
He has already drunk coffee.
I think those shoes are very good looking.
He have not slept since yesterday.
I am on our high school soccer team.
I came to Tokyo to attend a conference.
The apple is different.
My sister is looking for small blue pants.
We're making breakfast.
Which do you eat more often, rice, bread or potatoes?
The bat can't live without a tv.
how much do sixteen rambutan cost?
The amount of surface of a bacterium in the relationship of volume is the amount of items to be released.
Where can I find a taxi?
The fly won't make the same mistake next time.
It is better to rent a cottage in the area to rest after.
You accompanied me yesterday.
Go here on November 7.
The news finally reached me last night.
How much for tamarind?
From where is this dipper?
Radish is nutritious.
How much for chili pepper?
There's a pile of homework in the office.
They just sold chocolates.
The cow wants to pass the exam.
The durian is red.
At 6:00 PM, there are forty-one camera at the international airport.
How much for silver fish?
You have good hearing.
December 2 will be Sunday because.
I don't want to live with you anymore.
how much do forty pork cost?
That tastes terrible.
My niece is looking for medium orange shoes.
Do you have a car?
It rained really hard last November 19.
Are you cooking lunch?
He will accompany us.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Comoros.
Are we almost there?
The sweet potato is long.
The weird sheep kills the peeping sheep.
Can you see my back?
You said it was urgent.
The garlic is hot.
There are boneless milkfish daing.
Please fry chicken.
I should be drinking milk.
The owl was raised eating Mexican food.
They need to drink water.
You ate the meats.
If this is an important subject to you, please consider donating to our foundation.
Such things can contribute to protecting the planet and our environment.
He said that it is good for the wound in your foot.
I am sorry.
The ducks deliberate the performances.
My elder sister takes seven medicines every morning.
how much do six durian cost?
The orchid is ripe.
My name is Jihn.
The moringga is different.
I can feel them watching me swim.
The sunflower is small.
How did you know that I was Canadian?
How much is the peanut?
Normally it was a raised area, dark pink, but now it looked red and angry.
Is this fresh red bigeye fish?
Tom doesnt drink while driving.
My right leg is numb.
The walls are newly painted.
Could you send this to Japan?
She drank your sprite.
Some elephants felt energized to play basketball.
I became fat because of my enjoyment in eating.
July one is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
That's the only one I have.
Please lower the price.
How long are you going to be in Boston?
I saw something strange at the cafeteria.
We are asking for medicine.
You drank liquors.
Some lions can skate.
The beetle wants to become a ninja.
I was sent out of the room ealier.
I was not able to bring food.
1000000 graduates.
June eleven is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Primitive calculating machines existed long before computers were developed.
Tom can't work tomorrow.
It's sunny all month long except last November 25.
When mutations occur, they may have no effect, change the gene product or stop the genes from functioning.
How much is one dozen of that?
The cockroach is a boy.
He became healthy by eating banana.
Is there a height limit?
Reproductive barriers between sexually isolated populations are necessary for populations to become new species.
I like to buy three small star apples.
Drinking hot water provides a range of additional health benefits.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Swaziland.
Throughout the generations.
I'd like to stay as long as possible.
My cousin takes nine medicines every afternoon.
The chicken's father doesn't know.
Did you taste their food in this country?
Now then, get on.
Is he back already?
She is making ice cream.
Only 34 left.
I want to buy three squid.
The fishes go back to school.
Everybody paid.
Where is the ponyfish?
My brother is looking for large blue clothes.
He will eat pomelo to lose weight.
The wolf dream of being in japan.
I don?╟╓t have an appetite.
They attacked a group of Frenchmen and killed ten of them.
Tomorrow will be October 10.
The sesame is juicy.
Should we get up earlier?
The owls escaped.
Will I see you tomorrow?
She's studying French and engineering.
He'd been learning German for two years, but he stopped when he returned to Japan.
Where is everybody?
My sister is looking for a large white bag.
Mary hurt herself yesterday.
We were there just after the rains and the lakes were swollen and full of life especially water birds, hippopotamuses and crocodiles.
Maybe I shouldn't drive to the beach.
My brother is looking for a large brown sweater.
The light is given by him to me.
The ants should cost about ?Θ╝100.
Dumplings is delicious.
I'll call you later.
Our uniforms are tight.
Finish this.
It has been fifty hours since I have phone.
as soon as you can!
Is November 24 Friday.
You cannot find fresh vegetables in the supermarket.
While many individuals of every species are born possible to proceed; and as a result, there is often a repeated struggle for existence, following any entity, if it changes however a little in any way to profit itself, under the complex and once changing conditions of life, there is more good chance of continuity and is naturally chosen.
Please cook soup.
We are asking for blood.
The doctor told Tom to lower the amount of meat that he ate.
It's a reality like morning sickness.
Ligands are particularly important for replication of insulated DNA strands because they combine from short DNA segments created in the replication fork in a complete copy of the DNA template.
It will be November 30 next week.
The macaroni that you made taste good.
His mother called him.
The computers on the left are broken!
He was the one who recommended it during the plenary.
He looked down at Apollo and Asa, who were watching him raptly.
Am I good enough?
Inpormal Economy Inpormal economy is an economic activity that is not taxed or monitored by a government that is opposed to a formal economy.
This watch cost me ten thousand yen.
I didn't know you were seeing someone.
Where do you plan to study?
Youll know when you find it.
And now there's this recruiting.
When's the big day?
She will need to undergo operation on her arms.
She always feeds her child with pomelo to be healthy.
Tom brings us gifts whenever he visits.
The papaya is delicious.
Bacteria can be found in all the Earth's homes, such as the earth, hot water, radioactive waste, water, and the depths of the Earth's crust, as well as the organic matter and the living bodies of the plants and animals, which become an example of mutualism in the digestive system of people, termites and cockroaches.
I'm late for school.
This forces them to be adventurous, to live life to the fullest, to take the most of this precious gift of life and use the time they have to discover new things, meet new people and experience a completely different life much like people experience when reading fictional stories:.
The funeral for the chick was held on the volleyball court.
The termites each received a present.
1 tablespoon vanilla.
How deep is the lake?
If it's not yet December 1,.
As a result, all polymerases operate in the 5 to 3 direction.
Do you still have seabream?
The teacher returned the papers of the students and recorded their scores.
The moringga is soft.
There are too many people here.
Move!
The lettuce is sour.
Our policy is to build for the future, not the past.
The third chair on the right is broken!
The banana is appropriate.
If it's not yet October 13,.
The scorpion shouldn't have told the dog about the cat.
Are we buying supper right now?
They will fry tofu.
Can i ask for a discount for the bread?
The rival carabao is weaker than the carabao.
The termite heard someone knocking.
Do you still have prawn?
Do you take cash?
how much do fifteen shark cost?
The key to making meaningful changes is an incremental approach.
how much does a billion squash cost?
Will someone be here next Monday?
My friends hadn?╟╓t ever gone to France.
Every now and then I like to have hot and spicy food.
My cousin takes eight medicines every morning.
Everyone is tired in the afternoon and they like to sleep.
As soon as day dawned the march began.
I wonder whether he wishes he could buy back his anonymity.
He doesn't need your patience.
It's more fun in Cape Verde.
Sheep can fly.
The whales fell.
So I thought of making an inverter that draws power from guests' cars.
I have been sold buko pies.
If you buy a new car, what will you do with the old one?
She just cooked dinner.
Would you open your bag please?
Did you saute vegetables and meats?
The sunflower is bitter.
The doctors put your chest in pain.
The bat was born in Kyoto in 1980.
Now then, Natasha, now then, dearest!
He has been in the Philippines for a year.
Twice someone hopped on his motorbike, drove ten minutes out of his way to get us to our destination.
I'm terribly sorry for the delay.
We praised the dentist.
Is this fresh avocado?
The dog was hoping for two toys.
These infections cause lower back pain.
They fought last September 21 because of money.
The tiger's team is training.
I didn't work yesterday.
The seagulls do many things together.
If it's not yet November 20,.
It's more fun in Manila.
The jackfruit is costly.
The handsome cow has white hair.
Take this all the way.
Just keep talking.
My father is looking for a medium red watch.
She likes eating guava that is why she is healthy.
How much for larger dark-speckled squid?
I am used to it now.
We accept cash.
We are reading his diagnosis.
Science is fun to learn.
I want to sell five orange.
I'll finish it later.
You're actually late.
Will I be happy there?
He treats his employees like slaves.
She loves cucumber.
I trip frequently.
I'll do it in the morning.
The ones at the bottom are the ones who get the least benefits.
There are a lot of children in this city.
He ran from the canteen quickly.
He looked at the sea.
The cabbage is yellow.
The cashew is thick.
My cousin is scared to swim.
There is no discount for the cocoyam?
I wasn't standing.
Difficult question.
He copied.
You should keep encouraging yourself when you feel weak.
that I told you of them.
You can drive the car to your destination.
how much is four kilos of onion?
Who do you think you are?
We injured ourselves.
There are a lot of worms in the soil.
How should I put it?
There are a lot of fish in that lake.
Skipping classes is not a good act to be done.
He said that the doctor will come from Manila.
Less than a week later she passed another milestone.
The wolf like dogs.
I dealt out three candies to each child.
I wish tomorrow will be November 29.
This vending machine is out of order.
Is the third computer on the left is broken?
He needs a longer life.
The meaning is still obscure to me.
The boys bring their books every day.
Tom is eating oysters.
Forty.
My child takes ten medicines every morning.
I ate pepper.
We wrote.
They talked to the nurse.
The rose is reserved.
He asked if I was okay.
I'd like to buy philippine bacon.
The earth is round.
how much is five kilos of guava?
Everyone had gone home by the time Doris had got to the party.
The work must be completed by tomorrow.
Morning is when I am awake the most.
He lost his money last November 30.
Thank you for the assist.
The scorpion's team return home.
Studying does not end in school.
how much is five kilos of mango?
Some centuries have passed.
So yes, its a wonderful and liberating city to create in, but regardless of where you are or the tools at hand,.
I listened to the teacher.
Are you going to the next police station later at 12:30 PM.
Spirit swans have powers.
At eight o?╟╓clock I will have left.
I want to sell two jackfruit.
These are parts of the globe where a hire car can not tread.
A scream will dribble down the air.
Go here on November 18.
Paralysis shut down his body partly.
He consulted a doctor in Spain.
I see red canvases, glittering Soviet pageantry on an industrial scale, a cast of thousands, many paintings headlined by Stalin or Lenin, sometimes both.
Will he buy lunch?
how much do four sesame cost?
He will buy breakfast.
Tom drives.
The children are writing.
One day we had a thrilling experience.
We will eat the fruit.
Do you still have starfruit?
Many ducks are dropping off the competition.
Some like the other shrimp.
He often eats breakfast there.
Bat wings are flexible.
The biggest dog ate all of my food.
The winter melon is tasteless.
I can't remember his name.
He should have drunk water.
It's sunny all month long except last September 15.
Time sure flies.
Some researchers are concerned that we are damaging good bacteria.
I?╟╓d like to buy spinach.
The other fishes come and help.
There was a lion that is special for being smart.
The trash can is empty.
I grilled tilapia.
I met her in the winter a number of years ago.
The worm do not want to miss the plane.
Do you have proof that I got your wallet?
The garlic is fresh.
My father is looking for large red clothes.
They said that the drug came from Egypt.
Is this third chair on the left is broken?
She eats tomato because she wants to be healthy.
There was a kitten that is special for gambling.
Are they arriving tonight?
How many pieces of celery?
My nephew is looking for medium blue clothes.
He was looking for his phone.
What did you do last night?
Wash it.
how much is three kilos of sesame?
Nothing can save me but your voice.
Our attitude depends on what we do.
The sunshine turns to rain.
Everyone needs inspiration.
how much do thirty luffa cost?
All puppies have a ball.
The cherry is tasteless.
He would go with you.
It is near.
how much do seven turnip cost?
They said that the illegal drug is coming from France.
how much does a thousand starfruit cost?
October 22 is Monday.
The mushroom is different.
The pepper is bland.
Japan does a lot of trade with Britain.
Who are those guys?
I wonder who took it.
You are drinking his sarsi.
The worm bought my sister a new hat.
Not special pigs must undergo picking.
They are selling the fruits.
The pepper is dusty.
You've got to get down to your work.
I was invited to dinner by her.
I want to see the landscape.
I want to buy three wax gourd.
I will cook beef.
Their next step is to lobby the provincial board.
The macaroni that they made taste good.
He told everyone what he observed.
He will eat watermelon to strengthen his immune system.
When can we eat?
July thirteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
It's sunny all month long except last September 4.
The fruits are very fresh.
before the tribulation None of those verses.
But now we have introduced uncertainty.
He gave his children a good education.
We can hear the voices of those who are subverting.
Are they preparing the viand?
You are steaming the rice.
There is no discount for the corn?
The bat wanted to go to the concert.
The cherry is hard.
I've just finished lunch.
Sacred symbols are everywhere.
I am coming.
Is there any discount for the pork shoulder?
The fifth computer on the left is broken.
Can i ask for a discount for the endeavor prawn?
You just sold cupcakes.
You can cook lunch.
Where is the onion?
how much does a million milkfish cost?
Now, I've been here for five months.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Republic of Macedonia.
Tom always feels depressed during the cold winter months.
Will she go with us?
The fly didn't want to pass up the chance of seeing Hong Kong.
We are drinking your royal.
We will boil corn.
Will you tell me what I should do next?
The rose is shiny.
It's too big.
The beetle throws a special attack.
Your experience might be better employed through leading the volunteers.
Why are we here?
how much do seventeen whale shark cost?
We have a picture of her on that horse, an enormous grin on her face.
When traveling, it is easy to get lost.
The days of hardship are numbered.
He will go here on September 17.
The bear is ready to fight the fish.
The lion walks around.
He exercised.
Tom bought two copies of the book.
The mushroom is whole.
Have I ever lied to you?
She said that the drug is coming from France.
Today is Sunday.
The lime is effective.
I?╟╓d like to buy radish.
Pastor Anderson: And the Bible says that in.
The flies argued about anything and everything.
The pomelo is holy.
I prefer to eat alone.
They ate breakfast in the canteen.
He read his diagnosis.
Facing the south, is it on the right side or left side?
They went biking last March 5.
lifetime if I live out my normal lifespan.
He will write a book until September 29.
Everyday, I can see her shining eyes.
It's sunny all month long except last October 21.
We are continuing her research.
August twenty-three is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
A strong centipede emerges.
the price of apple is getting cheaper.
Tom doesn't eat any dark meat.
Where is the cheese?
It is too hard to find true friends.
I will stay with you tonight so you can rest.
All the tables are broken.
how much do ten lima bean cost?
are you selling whale shark?
Fake beetles are not real beetles.
The students will study.
We are drinking your juice.
I want to do it.
I'm not just a simple girl.
Many of the ducks skate well.
I pretend that you want me.
That fool has got ambition.
The whale weighs three tons.
He sold cupcakes.
The cat grew up in a family who likes to play basketball.
Please cook breakfast.
I didn't think I should drive.
We are drinking their wine.
Tom volunteers.
He will eat squash to strengthen his immune system.
I don't see movies very often.
She isn't paid monthly, but daily.
Please cook beef.
Do you still have crab?
Please contact me later.
We slept on the bed.
The plant wilted.
Sunburn hurts.
I will break your face.
You can fry the hotdog.
Watermelon is good for the body.
Anaerobic Negative Bacteria This is the ninth part of the bacteria containing a family, Bacteroidaceae, three genera, Bacteroides, Fusobacterium and Leptotrichia, and six genera unknown to the apillation, Desulfovibrio, Butyrivibrio, Succinivibrio, Succinimonas, Lachnospira and Selenomonas.
He came while I was sitting.
Bullying is bad.
In the 1920s and 1930s, a modern evolutionary synthesis linked the natural selection, mutation theory and Mendelian trait to a unified theory that generally applies to any branch of biology.
How much for peanut butter?
Not all those who wander are lost.
From where is this guava?
Spend lavishly and you end up with nothing.
Where is the bitter gourd?
From where is this onions?
We ate at your cousin's house.
Tell me your name.
I live in Australia.
The owl read a book last night.
I close the window.
Are they arriving next Friday?
Do not miss the chance.
Can you cook dessert?
We can talk about this later.
There is no extra charge listed.
You need to eat.
We broke his neck.
It's more fun in Egypt.
The lemon is unripe.
Will you buy breakfast?
She is taking their blood pressures.
They were addicted.
May five is the date today.
He wants to rest.
I don?╟╓t want to break up with you.
Please cook the fish.
The construction of the annex is ongoing.
My father is looking for small violet clothes.
I leave on Thursday.
I do not want to go on Wednesday.
My sister is looking for medium brown shoes.
He is finished eating merienda.
Are you busy Friday night?
Bears are studious.
The cockroach's family is missing.
The whale do not care where we eat dinner.
The cricket thought we weren't going to do that.
Children are playing behind the house.
My right foot is numb.
The jasmine is heavy.
They fought last October 24 because of money.
Her breath has bad odor.
Most of the food we buy in supermarkets is overpackaged.
The cabbage is ugly.
He went out to eat lunch.
It was now hot spring weather.
I want to buy less octopus.
Where does the airport bus leave from?
You are making gulaman.
I haven't spoken to Tom since I left Boston.
I thought I'd make snacks.
He's a Filipino.
I'd like to buy cooking banana.
You will still throw away.
He will consult a doctor in Spain.
Whales are not dangerous.
I need to know why you didn't come yesterday.
Go here on September 2.
Handmade biscuits.
My mom?╟╓s adobo is better than yours.
He ate the entire chicken.
He needed to undergo operation on his shoulders.
November 7 is Tuesday.
What was your mother doing when you got home?
1 1/2 tablespoon of garlic powder.
I am going to watch TV this evening.
He often eats garlic to be healthy.
how much is seven kilos of legumes?
Abusing your liberty is like putting your dignity in jail.
Have you worked as a laborer before?
It will be December 6 next week.
It's more fun in Sao Tome and Principe.
I don't like to drink milk.
They didn't know he was a policeman until he showed his badge.
I sliced breads.
He said that the illegal drug came from France.
There are new equipment.
In a few more years, you will have studied enough English to communicate well with just about anybody.
Our sales numbers do not seem to agree with your conclusions.
Are they frying garlic?
My niece is looking for a medium white sweater.
The apple is blue.
Eat this for your sickness.
The goat is as old as he.
She has pain in her left shoulder.
It already has free drinks with it.
Tom and Mary had an arranged marriage.
You fried the pork.
Tom says he's good at cooking.
Don't worry, he will not neglect you.
squid is not that cheap.
It's sunny all month long except last October 4.
May I go to the restroom?
It's already December 26!.
We are healthy.
apple is the cheapest.
We should have left earlier.
The crocodiles adopted a new policy.
My brother is looking for small violet shorts.
Tigers love to fire guns.
The monkeys studied the map.
of Revelation the Lord Jesus Christ sends.
There are a lot of conspiracy theories going around.
The oregano is long.
Tomorrow we will celebrate my nephew's birthday at the beach.
Some frogs got amused.
I like to buy nine small rambutans.
You are wrong.
Go now.
Will I join them?
My uncle is looking for small green pants.
She is searching for him.
He has tumor in his left lung.
I will drink our beer.
I quickly ate lunch.
My brother is looking for a medium magenta shirt.
I ordered pizza by telephone.
He will fry smoked meat.
My aunt is looking for a small grey shirt.
I met him at the end of the platform.
The rat wouldn't want to do that again.
how much do three shark cost?
My aunt drives a new car.
May I look?
Do you want some tea?
If you concentrate too hard, you will wear yourself out.
Pity him more.
I'll smack you!
Don't be ashamed of the things that will make you proud.
Their hands hurt.
Are all the computers on the right broken?
I waited for you for a long time.
He said that the drug will come from the United States.
The pig has a plan.
Some bulbs can be recharged using solar energy.
The snail have a good sense of smell.
The puppy's ball is white.
I attacked the snake.
The dog bounces the round ball.
We like swimming in the ocean.
I didn't go anywhere during the holiday.
Where is the spinach?
The men's room is on the second floor.
The mosquito cooked dinner for tom.
December 19 is the day of his death.
The chamomile is famous.
Cherish yourself.
Bitter melon is bitter.
She will go to Greece to consult a doctor.
What score did you get?
The scorpion's team attack the fake scorpions.
The bacteria grows to an exact size and multiplies through binary fission, an asexual reproduction form.
Why did it take you so long?
This term was invented by Julian Huxley when writing his book Evolution: The Modern Synthesis (1942).
He looked to the sky for inspiration.
He has almost no money, but he gets by.
Morning of November 19.
I drive a purple car.
Everything I do never seems enough for you.
What is your favorite snack?
I already checked.
The cashew is withered.
My aunt is looking for a medium brown bag.
This is not funny.
They will cook chicken.
His hands hurt.
You are not drinking.
My father is looking for a small green sweater.
How much for cavendish bananas?
I eat faster than you.
He just rinsed the ingredients.
It was Tom that broke the window yesterday.
The baleen filter is formed from another tissue called keratin.
How many pieces of salted eggs?
Why didn't you tell me that earlier?
The coconut is blue.
Fried fish is our viand tonight.
They hugged.
The rock was not able to explode.
The strawberry is big.
The turnip is delicious.
My niece is looking for large blue clothes.
Almost every popular app on the store uses analytics tools to track users.
Their buko pies are with you.
We sometimes go out for a drive.
A kind friend took me to the Boston Art Museum this morning.
She has worked in the bank for five years.
We thanked the nurse.
There is no discount for the fourfinger threadfin?
Did the onion I cut made you cry?
If you do not believe me just watch.
She is terrible at cooking.
Do you have problem?
That is wrong!
We'll be back tonight.
Her body will get stronger if she eats garlic.
When do you study?
how much do forty fish cost?
The avocado is thick.
Do you still have soursop?
Pineapple is nutritious.
The birds are singing in the trees.
They are frying tilapia.
Please open your books to the fifth page.
This fourth chair in the middle is broken!
We've searched for you for so long!
The mustard is slippery.
I cannot see you.
The middle chair on the left is broken!
He needs medicine for his hands.
ones again.
Unfortunately, your father did not come out safe.
My niece is looking for a small pink shirt.
This was well made.
She took a casual glance at the book.
My mother is looking for a medium green pajama.
He already washed the plate.
Copy the data to my flash drive.
It's more fun in Namibia.
She thinks She should go to the hospital.
I hope this helps reduce the annoyances in the workplace.
It will be October 22 next week.
Rocks are nice.
He is fying hotdog.
We ate at your grandfather's house.
Did I cook vegetables?
I don't disagree with your decision.
I ate many peppers.
He drank her shake.
You can be in a relationship and work on yourself at the same time.
I'd like to buy eel.
Sir, kindly switch off your mobile phone.
We still much to do.
The bear will win next time.
I'm sick.
Your aunt is good in cooking dinner.
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and mute.
Ground pork.
How much for grapes?
It should just be laughed off.
Tom isn't scared.
He cooked breakfast.
how much do nineteen wax gourd cost?
In other societies, health includes the care for the condition of the body after attaining the basic needs of food, shelter and primary medical care.
durian is getting more expensive.
There are expensive foods that aren't even delicious.
The teacher though I was cheating.
I like to buy seven small peppers.
The paper is enclosed in the box.
The durian is unripe.
He prepared the dish.
He often eats banana to be healthy.
At 3:00 PM, there are ninety duck at the shoe shop.
He is unemployed.
Our doctors are leaving to work in Greece.
Is that second chair in the middle is broken?
He sold his guitar last September 14.
Many bees watch floorball.
how much is seven kilos of banana?
My children are very precious to me.
I want to buy less fish.
God is always with us.
We punish unruly employees on a case-by-case basis.
They agreed to start early.
November fifteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
It is hard to read a newspaper.
Last tuesday, he bought banana from the store.
They went to the surgeon.
We need to learn to be humble.
The dog is drunk.
Take it or leave it.
My mother is looking for small white shorts.
She looks pale. She may have been Ill.
I like to buy five small taros.
I can cover the distance in 50 seconds.
of years from the time of Christ.
The whale lost my phone.
The start of the summer games is near.
Can I get a drink while you're waiting?
I am hungry.
be a couple years from now we do not know.
When did you begin to learn English?
Where should the copy be?
She eats radish for faster recovery.
My niece is looking for large green pants.
There are many people at the Sagada market.
Do not lob at others.
My mother seldom watches TV at night.
I can cook the lunch.
Those chairs on the right are broken.
He said that the doctor is coming from Italy.
In the summer, it dawns earlier than in the winter.
Drink the shake.
Where is the fermented zigandis paste?
You are cooking dinner.
Neither Mike nor Tom has ever driven a truck.
I fed some meat to my dog.
The dog mixed vinegar and water.
Why did you buy flowers?
The telephone rang a few minutes later.
Let?╟╓s meet on September 26.
Rainbows bring joy to children.
You are a member.
He grilled milkfish.
how much do eighty orange cost?
She eats guava to get strong.
The coconut is appropriate.
I ate three hot dogs.
He left her food.
Can i ask for a discount for the needle fish?
Later, as they walked back to their room, Jonathan looked up at Carmen.
Are they really going to wait?
I'll soon finish reading this novel.
She had nothing to do yesterday.
If you are investigating nineteen times in nineteen hours,.
Please open your books to page three.
Do you want supper?
The rat sure could go for a cup of coffee.
Nice to meet you.
She will eat cucumber to strengthen his bones.
You are drinking your sprite.
How much for water spinach?
how much do two manila bean cost?
The ant discovers something.
That fifth table on the right is broken!
I just cooked dinner.
In a year you will learn to know yourself....
I wanted to go back to your village.
The exhibits contribute 7% of the tourism revenue.
Tapa is usually eaten during breakfast.
I want to sell less starfruit.
Is November 18 Friday.
Is this fresh herring scad?
He often eats pomelo to be healthy.
I have to go.
Strengthen the flames!
Miguel Lopez de Legazpi was appointed as the first Governor-General of the Philippines.
Mosquitoes like wet places.
He is learning nothing.
milkfish is very cheap.
I was just sitting at the side when he shouted.
She is writing on paper.
Put some air.
Your eyes are bigger than your stomach.
The mung bean is fresh.
The pencil needed to be sharpened.
She ate greasy food.
We'll begin tomorrow morning.
Go here on September 19.
First, he teaches you to be upright, then hes offers a path to shame.
My niece is looking for a large red pajama.
The spirit bee try another attack.
She gets up early every morning.
Why did you come in now?
He's planning to buy a bed before September 13.
Choose the person who will choose you even if you are not worthy to be chosen.
When will your mother come?
We found out that he was her father.
The sunflower is slippery.
You are selling meats.
There is little furniture in my house.
Is this fresh crab?
Here are your keys.
I drank a glass of milk this morning.
Try that.
Have you ever been a diet?
The secret society of the Katipunan was founded by Andres Bonifacio.
A good medicine tastes bitter.
You need to find another way out of this situation.
The bear's leg is huge.
English is spoken all over the world.
The star apple is blue.
She read Lyell's second bunny and welcomed her view of "creations centers" of species but her discoveries and fancies challenged Lyell's ideas of smooth progression and extravagance of species.
We will fry the tilapia.
It rained really hard last October 23.
We're already late.
Her spouse is asking her to go to Germany to consult a doctor.
The bear goes to a normal high school.
how much is one kilo of bitter gourd?
You need to have a diploma.
Some sharks play leisurely.
The ginger is unripe.
I love French movies.
Thank you for stopping by.
Which food do you like?
They feel cold.
Nothing compares to the taste of the food you cooked.
My soul is broken.
I sold cheap meats.
The jackfruit is colorful.
I like to buy six big taros.
I am scared now.
He's planning to buy a bed before September 16.
I pray that those words would sink into the.
It is not healthy to eat PIzza Hut everyday.
I haven't seen anything of her lately.
I fried the milkfish.
My aunt is looking for a small white bag.
My niece is looking for a small red sweater.
The only spice Tom puts on meat is pepper.
It is October 6 when.
The blackberry is artificial.
The durian is sticky.
The mosquito like the idea.
I live in San Marino.
Their daughter is a nurse.
I am reading Shakespeare at the moment.
The jasmine is black.
This is loose.
November 21 is Thursday.
You should do whatever it takes.
Ten.
of these words: caught up together with them.
The squids sat in the shade of that big tree.
Christmas is a special holiday.
You can cook the fish.
From where is this snail?
If you are buying thirty-five times in thirty-five days,.
Can you speak Korean?
Where is the grouper?
He summoned the nurse.
The goat is a friend of Roberts.
The lettuce is tasteless.
The moringga is cooked.
He stayed away from school for a week.
Did they cook breakfast?
how much does a kilo of sugar apple cost?
I like to buy nine small mushrooms.
We are grilling corn.
Nobody was there.
The security department wants to compile employee data.
If you are going abroad, it's necessary to have a passport.
Aspirin is one of the drugs that can damage the kidneys.
The drug came from Greece.
I rinsed the ingredients.
how much does a billion ginger cost?
I want to buy five worm.
I went with her.
The butterflies burned.
I am left with the pain.
However, most doctors will only describe low blood pressure as a problem if a person has the symptoms of low blood pressure.
The lovely part of the job is all of the people you meet.
How much for croaker?
I forgot my book in my locker.
June 7th.
The street vendors resume their evenings service as if nothing ever happened.
Come home before six.
Remember your Creator in the days of your youth.
At 10:00 AM, there are three lamb at the city centre.
The dead will rise.
She said that she had to be back before dawn.
They went to Germany to consult a doctor.
My brother is looking for a medium orange shirt.
I lost my fourteen tuna at 12:00 PM.
I want to buy four onion.
The cucumber is special.
The blackberry is rare.
Do you eat fast?
how much do two squid cost?
She is in the hospital because of her kidney.
how much does a thousand crab cost?
We already know.
Buy some fruits!
Even now I cannot find it in my heart to condemn them.
He surrendered.
The monkey knew the monkey shouldn't have done it.
The seagull did not expect the attack.
From 6:00 PM to 5:00 AM.
fish is expensive.
We listened to the nurse.
You will be satisfied and you will enjoy your vacation.
Have you copied it?
How many drops of tears are needed to be prepared?
We are looking for blood.
Their mother is good in cooking lunch.
Is this second table in the middle is broken?
Cows have teeth made for chewing.
In television shows, all the troublemakers end up in one class.
I want to go to UP.
I'll die if I won't be able to finish this project now.
The genetic code is made up of eggplant 'words' called codons that are formed from a sequence of three nucleotides.
It's not always possible to eat well when you are travelling in this part of the world.
Rice porridge is cheap.
how much does a luffa cost?
I spent last Sunday reading a novel.
A ant can have many spirits.
Many bears eat meat.
Her mother is asking her to go to Greece to consult a doctor.
He later published his views that these are marine marine uplifters but he accepted that they were the beaches of a proglacial lake.
I figured the amount was at least sufficient.
Favorites of many are exotic foods.
Can you get the bitter gourd?
I met Ken yesterday.
On friday we are going on holiday.
We will clean the room.
My mother is looking for a large yellow bag.
The cookies that he made taste bad.
Mango makes you smarter.
Many spirit spiders enter the room.
Had you previously studied English before you moved to New York?
My nephew is looking for a small cyan bag.
The big demon ate a lot of frogs.
I still believe even if it's unbelievable.
My nephew is looking for a large orange shirt.
The crocodiles still haven't been able to work out.
The dog needs coffee to work.
I drank at seven in the evening.
Drinking enough water can support skin, and muscle health.
Coworking is a growing concept.
The cheeses were ecutn by you.
Maybe he is tired.
Please open your books to page six.
was the same eighty years ago with social.
I have to go home a little early today.
He gained weight due to his stay in the United States.
The cat is crawling on the ground.
It is November 8 when.
He will eat string bean to strengthen his bones.
How much for short mackerel?
Did you comprehend?
Heavy bag.
They ate the meats.
He's planning to buy a bed before September 3.
We are steaming the rice.
You will fry the pork.
Can i ask for a discount for the lychee?
My cousin takes one medicine every evening.
September 30 is the day of his death.
Start a traveling blog.
You have three days to forget everything.
They will drink at nine in the evening.
The melon is different.
I put it back.
how much is nine kilos of melon?
What is the food you like about your country?
We are willing to commit time for worst case scenarios.
My brother is looking for a medium red shirt.
I ran to the canteen.
He loves pizza.
He wants to sing old songs.
Can you accompany me to the canteen?
The jellyfish captures a jellyfish.
The nut is expensive.
The camels say that in America anyone can become president.
im going to eat.
I like to buy nine big tomatoes.
Thank you for the instructions.
I have changed.
If you don't want to, you don't have to stick around.
You are slicing the breads.
I want to sell a black plum.
We will drink your juice.
They tend to seek peaceful human interaction.
The oat is valuable.
Please close the door.
Do you think a vegetarian diet is better than a diet that includes meat?
It happened a long time ago.
You are cooking supper.
I just got the message a few minutes ago.
I have kept a diary in English these ten years.
I found it necessary to get assistance.
I hadnt remembered him looking that way until years later.
We never work on Sunday.
We ate curry rice last night.
Where is the fermented mackarel paste?
I will join you in the darkness.
Festival will only last until December 15.
It's high time you got married and settled down.
You will read a book.
Afternoon of December 22.
He has swelling in his ears.
He saved his life.
He is sending her downstairs.
You can cook the pork adobo.
Birds fly.
He's in charge of the sales department.
A blur or noise and movement.
Our dog is white.
She always got up early.
She lives on vegetables and brown rice.
The worm haven't tried.
Too soon or too late.
Will I cook snack?
The melon is whole.
The okra is blue.
My mother takes ten medicines every evening.
how much do ten mango cost?
how much do sixteen shark cost?
This morning it was very cold.
I had not eaten at that restaurant before today.
Eating too much may lead to sickness.
He will sell his guitar on October 8.
Do you want some breakfast?
He is boiling sweet potatoes.
The child was hiding behind a big tree.
He's friendly with all his classmates.
After the game they can go home.
Did he get to eat lunch?
If September 19 is Saturday,.
Our grandfather is good in cooking dinner.
Is it true that aunt can drive?
We are buying breakfast.
The pancakes that they made taste bad.
The butterfly also like cake.
The turnip is yellow.
We will eat ingredients.
The sweet potato is blue.
They elected him chairman.
The winter melon is special.
He is eating the bread.
May nine is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Some performances are by snakes.
I want to buy four milkfish.
I want to sell three guava.
I made gulaman.
The pumpkin is cold.
But a single example will suffice to illustrate the whole.
Listen.
November 22 is Wednesday.
I cooked chicken.
I will read next Tuesday.
I'm looking forward to the New Year holidays.
The rose is healthy.
The shrimp trains inside the game.
Dad is coming home tomorrow.
You need to take the Bakerloo Line.
He left the clinic early.
I want to buy two worm.
Dogs feel obliged to play volleyball.
He always feeds his child with pineapple to be healthy.
The house is big.
I think I'll eat later.
Not all people should eat.
I don't like the sizzling pork of Gerry's Grill.
We still much to do for our country.
I want to sell four eggplant.
I can only use them to draw conclusions about myself.
ninety-four.
Do not sleep yet.
She will need to undergo operation on her left eye.
You will drink the liquors.
We left his medicine.
If October 13 is Saturday,.
Health may have a positive meaning, as being well and good.
We have a lot of planted pineapples in the province.
On the day of his rescue he had seen the body of Petya Rostov.
You will eat the brownies.
I've already killed five mosquitos for my three minutes of waiting in that place.
I hope you will come to see me soon, and stay a long time.
From where is this lizardfish?
Can they do it?
November 8 will be Sunday because.
January thirty-one is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Their nails are longer.
The "no work, no pay" principle would apply if we don't work on Christmas day.
I used a purple pen.
I cooked the supper.
She is eating pepper.
I am winning in our competition.
I'm done!
You use your hands to eat.
What is the name of your younger sister?
Are all those chairs in the middle broken?
I'm a lousy cook.
It is not healthy to eat Mcdonalds everyday.
She is questioning the dentist.
That disease can be acquired in Egypt.
He has been investigating for twenty-eight months at the train station.
You will overcome fear.
He had already seen the Aurora when he lived at Canada two years ago.
how much is a kilo of octopus?
Let?╟╓s meet on September 24.
I turned in a paper yesterday.
Always sit upright to maintain good posture.
Pastor Jimenez: Then verse 22 says.
My aunt is scared to swim in the sea at night.
They traveled by car.
Is this fresh jute?
I lost my key.
Where were you yesterday?
May I ask you a question?
He will cook snack.
Travelling alone is good.
I had a quick supper.
Which way will you travel Mr. Randolph?
I will decline.
Our sister is good in cooking dinner.
The cow has no family.
They surprised the enemy at dawn.
Do you want to join us?
He is not ashamed of his miscounduct.
My aunt is looking for large yellow pants.
You can cook the dinner.
I wasnt interested in the goods, but I wanted a pit stop that would allow me to skip the capital city, Quito.
I was happy that day because of the beautiful scenery I saw, my family as well.
I brush before breakfast.
The adaptation is evolved by the gradual transformation of existing structures.
She searched for dentists.
It's fun to eat with the family.
The puppy has a helmet.
This is all my fault.
The okra is orange.
I'm getting tired of you always coming late to class.
He lost his money last November 26.
The dog knows how to speak English.
I sang in the afternoon and evening, in the shower and in my bedroom and standing on living-room furniture.
I helped them yesterday.
You are selling fruits.
She hasn't worn anything new for a while.
I sure wish this young lady wrote a date on her writings.
The horse defeats a monster.
Do you like apples?
Don't start yet.
Pigs smell bad.
The hotel's restroom was untidy.
Do not loiter.
She had now come to Petersburg to procure an appointment.
It is Edward?╟╓s first time to eat vegetables!
I never expected that you are RCMF.
How long does it take to get to the train station?
Have all your fruits been bought?
The pineapple is weird.
February nine is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
I haven't heard from Tom since July.
They stayed at the hotel for a week.
He is boiling the corn.
It took a while for her to calm down.
Please fix this.
Tom can't even play one song on his ukulele without making mistakes.
February twenty-five is the date today.
We will fry the potatoes.
I can cook the snack.
He didn't have enough money to travel.
Cheap unli-rice food places don't have much viand though.
my bad pronunciation.
how much do ninety whale shark cost?
We went biking last April 17.
I will soak it in milk.
how much is one kilo of worm?
Did you see my book?
The wolf like you.
I like to buy nine big potatoes.
He studies frequently.
I like to buy five small bananas.
I'm wearing these old trousers to school this week.
I brushed my teeth already.
October 21 is Thursday.
Suppose a student gets a job but narrowly fails the final exam.
Tom chose not to drive home.
The price is high.
I cooked snack.
The beetle's team is given a mission.
Is there any discount for the cheese?
I walked alone.
They fought last September 5 because of money.
I threw away the spoiled food.
Boarding will commence at 12:45.
Don't dodge.
He compared the copy with the original.
We'll resume the meeting after tea.
The food is spoiled.
The cat accidentally deleted some of the files.
I watched TV yesterday.
Am I cooking supper?
He was just an ordinary guy.
Five years ago that day she had met Alex.
Are you leaving now?
I do not like mathematics very much.
The avocado is delicious.
I shouldn't have been driving.
I live in Nicaragua.
We watched a movie.
Many lions liked the second performance.
The sunflower is whole.
Snack is served.
My father worked hard night and day.
You will sell cheap meats.
Should I telephone you or send an email?
Microclimatesthe word reminds you of tapas, if each plate covered a different part of the city.
How long have you been working here?
The oleander is effective.
This middle chair on the right is broken!
He may have been delayed by a traffic jam for an hour.
Filipinos eat chicken intestine.
Have all your brownies been bought?
I swim once a week.
If it's not yet October 30,.
Math is her favorite subject in school.
They are searching for her.
All my senses come to life.
My daughter takes twelve medicines every morning.
Will we be in time for the appointment?
His spouse asked him to go to Manila to consult a doctor.
From 2:00 AM to 5:00 PM.
I do not know what to say.
The magazine you lent me is very interesting.
Are you going to the nearest shopping mall later at 8:00 PM.
he now heard distinctly.
I steamed rice.
The durian is colorful.
how much do nineteen bitter gourd cost?
The ginger is valuable.
The okra is exceptional.
It is October 27 when.
The sunflower is reserved.
I want to try the McDonald's in this country.
The moth climb mountains because they are there.
We're in a hurry.
It will be November 1 next week.
I like to buy two small mangoes.
He is removing his shoes.
I?≥m tired.
For every generation, many offspring are failing to continue the age of reproduction due to limited resources.
The nut is red.
She is not standing up.
Buy breakfast.
The bear ate an apple.
The pomelo is thick.
Some sharks are internationally acclaimed.
I am sixteen years old.
December 28 is Monday.
The driver has a lot of coins.
My niece is looking for a medium grey watch.
The goat can sing.
I'm afraid you have the wrong number.
I like to buy three small corns.
2 tablespoons of soy sauce.
He is chopping vegetables.
Oily food is bad for our health.
the grocery store.
I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen.
My nephew is looking for medium brown pants.
KFC has the most tasty chicken for me.
I am your companion.
She is cooking for him.
The lizard hurried home.
That is if you get lucky.
May I go to the bathroom?
He has to travel to England this summer.
Everybody breathes.
The garlic is soft.
My son takes ten medicines every morning.
Tom has to clean his room before 2:30.
You cooked breakfast.
how much does a pineapple cost?
We will have a math quiz tomorrow.
For example, in humans, the color of the eye is a hereditary feature and an individual can inherit a brownish character from one parent.
Afternoon of December 27.
I have five flowers.
Have you got any plans for this evening.
Our eyes met.
I became rich.
Only 28 left.
He is grilling milkfish.
The butterfly didn't say the butterfly would help you.
I thought it was true.
While I am your teacher, my word is law.
We were given a vaccine.
Prepare the dining table.
He refused to eat his supper.
Just forget about that.
Did you consider transferring to another branch?
You can be very bossy sometimes.
They think they feel okay.
Have you ever sharpened this knife?
The cat is judging me.
She always takes six drugs for her disease.
She needs medicine for her knees.
She picks up trash.
Can you get my mother?
I have already eaten lunch.
The crocodile really do not need anyone to defend me.
I'll come by tomorrow morning.
Tierone looks like a stick.
October 19 is Wednesday.
John is teaching Japanese.
Is the second chair on the left is broken?
The cat has blue fur.
What's for breakfast?
December twenty-two is the date today.
how much do twelve kidney bean cost?
Can you cook beef stew?
The student studies.
It gets better as we go.
I canvass her.
I can boil egg.
Electricity amounts to 4% of your expenditures.
She will drink your sarsi.
He always feeds his child with apple to have a strong immune system.
He sold his guitar last November 8.
Let?╟╓s meet on September 1.
Is this safe to eat?
There is one drug for her sickness.
Please cook the chicken stew.
You ate the cheap meat.
My father is looking for a large blue bag.
Although it was raining, I went out.
He is not right for you.
Give me a hand here.
There was a lion that is special for being a mass murderer.
They parted ways.
The bat want to be rich.
I plan to do it soon.
Take away my hopes and dreams.
900 liters of water.
Can I cook supper?
I'm already full.
Can i ask for a discount for the terapon fish?
Your destination will be on the right.
You went with me yesterday.
The pepper is orange.
The second chair is broken!
November 18 is Wednesday.
She made the gulaman.
You can marinate the beef for eighteen hours.
It can also be with them.
You will fall asleep while driving.
The pomelo is different.
Darwin died at Down House on 19 April 1882.
Don?≥t pay attention to him.
The starfruit is illegal.
My aunt is looking for a large cyan pajama.
There are a lot of factories in Kawasaki.
Is this fresh celery?
Our breakfast for tomorrow is dried fish and fried rice.
My brother is looking for large orange pants.
He tried to use his hands to eat.
Tomorrow we will celebrate my son's birthday at the beach.
I am with you.
Some people read books to kill time.
Is there any discount for the squash?
The rats haven't spoken in two months.
Which stairs is for Victoria Station?
He often eats grape to be healthy.
I will come with you while smiling.
My grandmother takes eight medicines every afternoon.
Is October 26 Friday.
Do you still have malabar spinach?
He would soon become a captain and then perhaps a great admiral.
The pomelo is red.
He looked for medicine.
Horses exhibit teamwork.
how much is seven kilos of guava?
I lost my ten oysters at 5:00 PM.
I work at home.
It is hot.
The hotel walls were a collage of faded out blues and grays.
The strawberry is special.
I need this.
They came with me.
She's an art.
My sister is looking for a medium violet sweater.
The table is on the second floor.
I answered the guard.
The rabbit goes through the storm.
The grass is greener today.
The eggplant is cold.
They will drink your fruit shake.
As soon as the countess wakes we'll be off.
For example, a person's eye uses four genes to create structures that make light.
It is a piece of paper.
All that day the hounds remained at home.
She feels better.
You can marinate the beef for nineteen hours.
They are jogging for 4 minutes.
Many ants help the ant.
In Cape Town, Darwin and FitzRoy met John Herschel, who recently wrote Lyell to check on uniformism as opening up strong speculation on the "mystery of mysteries, changing the specter of others" as "a natural contradiction to a miraculous process ".
Lower yourself.
It will be November 22 next week.
He has been selling for thirty-three days at the next police station.
How much for mackerel tuna?
how much is one kilo of papaya?
The nut is soft.
There are many good doctors in the United States.
The turtle passes the exam.
The lice found the picture interesting.
The students made a research.
The first chair is vacant.
They fought last September 22 because of money.
how much do thirteen whale shark cost?
My brother is looking for small violet pants.
Could you have imagined a store like this if you lived a century ago?
The weird bird catches the bird.
The very first thing I needed was some sort of rubbing alcohol.
Since we would just go to and fro, we should sleep in the car.
Week of May 12 is on May 7?╟⌠13.
It has a foreword, introduction, table-of-contents, and index.
Where is the book?
Is this fresh short mackerel?
What did you eat for breakfast?
It was a great trip.
The dog admired a famous volleyball player.
I can't see sugar apple's tree nowadays.
My teacher is frequently angry.
She got sick.
The soup is a little salty.
I wish tomorrow will be September 3.
Beagle is a sum equivalent to NNs in 2016.
September 27 is Thursday.
Go here on September 7.
They broke her neck.
We are cuting the cheeses.
They accompanied me.
John had jumped over ten hurdles in a row before falling down.
The moth didn't mean to overwhelm you.
Today is October 2.
He eats cucumber to have beautiful skin.
She likes noodles.
I like to buy four big star apples.
For eight months Mr. Keith gave me lessons five times a week.
Is there any discount for the chinese celery?
Some fireflies like to fly.
We questioned the dentist.
are you selling squid?
You can prepare the ingredients of the dish.
He is my neighbor.
Albert Einstein was born in Germany.
No, you just got pressured.
April thirty is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
My sister is looking for a medium pink pajama.
If you eat too much, you will get fat.
Why is the baby crying?
It's fine.
His mouth is dry.
Let's go ahead and eat.
The moth goes closer to the flame.
I am writing letters.
I only want what's best for everyone.
My grandfather takes six medicines every morning.
What can you say about our supper?
The rabbit fight the pirate rabbit.
Fifty meters.
Afternoon of November 4.
I look scared.
I made cards with new vocabulary, hundreds and hundreds of words and phrases, and pulled them out of their boxes at random in my free time to bone up.
We were robots, blindly following our professors' commands.
We could go eat together.
There's no time to talk about that now.
Is your project ready?
I don?╟╓t like the way she moves together with my classmate.
Can i ask for a discount for the slipper lobster?
What else do you want me to do?
how much do three octopus cost?
We couldnt have been more than 20 feet away and it stared right at us, beads of water dripping off its whiskered face, sizing us up.
This place isnt utopia;.
August 31st.
He is looking for her.
You fried hotdog.
The coconut is costly.
My uncle is looking for large magenta shoes.
I ate a bread.
My sister is looking for medium yellow clothes.
September 26 is Thursday.
What do you think about this one?
how much do seventy strawberry cost?
He writes frequently.
Scorpions can become ninjas.
Pity her more.
Will he be cooking for the celebration?
An accountant audits business accounts.
We're graduating tomorrow.
He's planning to buy a bed before December 2.
how much does one billion turnip cost?
He's planning to buy a bed before November 13.
how much do three squid cost?
Sir, extra rice please!
Call me up whenever you need my help.
At 9:00 PM, there are twenty-one wool at the ticket office.
Get back inside.
Bears eat fish.
But seeing where my practice began, relics from Jews around the world and the evil that was the holocaust changed that.
The moringga is costly.
They said that the illegal drug is coming from Spain.
Watching wild birds is a lot of fun.
Rafaela is patient.
We are living in times where we are always slouching.
I need one more week.
Everyone in our class brought their own dinner.
We played soccer yesterday.
Right, it still hasn't.
We'll discuss it later.
My toothbrush is missing.
The okra is healthy.
I like to buy four big cottonfruits.
They have endless summers.
I am not happy with what you did.
I thought I already finished the exam.
I like to buy seven small star apples.
Some sharks are champions.
He said that this is good for your hand fracture.
From where is this bream?
How do you feel about Thrill Walk?
The start of the same end.
The monkeys were so terrified that they hid behind one another.
Where is the grouper?
my tendency to wilt in the 110-degree sun.
We still much to do for the project.
Dont just take snapshots, because you want people to be as stimulated as you were when you felt the moment needed to be captured.
how much do eighty soursoup cost?
Please saute vegetables and meats.
The mosquitoes tell us what to do.
The room is spacious.
He said that the drug will come from China.
The onion is green.
Is there any discount for the banana blossom?
The butterfly didn't expect you to come so soon.
What color is this?
He ate the cupcake.
He waited in the intense heat for sleepy wild dogs to wake up and go on a hunt (and sometimes they didnt feel like it).
They consulted a doctor in Spain.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Kiribati.
Where is my child?
The dragonfly wants to dump the baby dragonfly.
November 24 is Wednesday.
Give me the tools.
Did you get my message?
Kawasan Falls has three waterfalls.
Last friday, he bought banana from the store.
October 19 is the day of his death.
He will eat milk to avoid sickness.
The check-out counters sides were mirror plated and I crouched down to try to put the stud back in.
My father is looking for a medium black watch.
He ran from the entrance quickly.
The garlic is withered.
The coconut is sweet.
There are places without street lights especially San Fernando to Dinalupihan highway.
The grape is elusive.
Some shrimp admires the black shrimp.
He has pain in his right elbow.
We drank beer all night.
Have all your meats been bought?
We ate brownies.
The chamomile is shiny.
The doctor advised her to eat eggplant.
You are eating chocolates.
Is that sauteed vegetables?
On December 23.
Welcome to the exciting world of batteries.
He sold his guitar last September 28.
apple is getting more expensive.
i sometimes hand something in late.
You are frying the pork.
We are looking after her.
I want to go to Korea.
Can i ask for a discount for the deepwater red snapper?
I want to sell three jackfruit.
Afternoon of October 7.
All those tables in the middle are broken.
I know I'm early.
Return at once.
The pumpkin is ugly.
It's likely Tom will be late.
I saw her the other morning.
If you take this medicine, you'll feel better.
I lost my twenty-two pepper at 5:00 AM.
Do not take a hot shower.
Mary is talking with her friends.
Tom drove fast at the race.
shark is getting more expensive.
The king cow wants to marry the cow.
how much do sixteen legumes cost?
black plum is getting more expensive.
How about February 28th around 3:00 pm?
I just bought dinner.
My brother is looking for medium white shoes.
Four fingers.
He will sell his guitar on September 14.
My home is far from where I stay.
I don't want to do it.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary.
It's already December 3!.
The starfruit is wet.
She has infection in her right breast.
He sold the cheap meats.
The chick learned volleyball through playing.
She likes eating banana that is why she is healthy.
2 rings.
I have homework.
How much for garlic?
I'll help you.
Why are you traveling on a Sunday?
The puppies train at the morning.
Geophysics, geochemistry, paleontology, mineralogy, geology, and sedimentology are under geology studies.
March twenty-five is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Can i ask for a discount for the round cabbage?
They were hospitalized in China.
I hope that nothing will change as the time passes by.
how much do ninety mustard cost?
how much do twenty melon cost?
I am cooking breakfast.
They said that the doctor will come from Japan.
She had lived in California before moving to Texas.
The rats called for reinforcements.
It's hot outside.
The cabbage is perfect.
Come in.
Is he coming? "No, I don't think so."
I have been sold chocolates.
One cat is known for shooting three pointers.
I live in Zimbabwe.
The blackberry is hot.
Some snakes got injured.
The owl like all of them.
There are sand in our slippers.
The rabbit is a pirate.
On the contrary, now is the best of all.
I'll finish it in two or three minutes.
He will chop the apples.
The centipede faces off with the strong centipede.
My brother is looking for large pink shorts.
When is their next fight?
He needs anesthetic for the operation on his lungs.
I am bringing it.
The information age was brought about by the shift to digital electronics.
i fortnightly figure something out.
I like to buy two small bottle gourds.
You will fry a chicken.
His arms ache.
The pig prepares for classes.
The garlic is colorful.
I am already full.
My brother is looking for a large white bag.
Let?╟╓s meet on December 10.
Can you understand Korean?
The scientific process is the systematic acquisition of new knowledge about a system.
She needs medicine for her left elbow.
My niece is looking for small brown shoes.
Yesterday is October 15.
July eleven is the date today.
Eat meats.
I feel cold.
Only 49 left.
milkfish is getting more expensive.
She became healthy by eating eggplant.
My niece is looking for a medium red watch.
I'd be happy to help.
Classes were suspended last week.
It was so hot that we had to retreat back into the air conditioning of the guest house we were staying at between 11 AM and 4 PM.
The coconut is green.
Change your tires.
Can you fry the fish?
I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Do we even see each other outside the office?
Where are you going on Wednesday?
They ate the chocolates.
Seein my love ones leaving is the most painful.
The fly thought you said you knew how to speak French.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Ethiopia.
I want you to think about your readers.
Have you ever read Gulliver's Travels?
The eggplant is fragrant.
I was relaxing outside when this picture was taken.
You can cook the snack.
Jackson was not planning to retreat.
Give Tom a drink.
You are steaming rice.
He has been tarrying for six minutes at the next park.
i normally breakdown during this time.
Please fry beef.
He said that the doctor is coming from the United States.
Water helps the body's cells absorb nutrients and fight infections.
I didn't do chores because I was tired.
I've had people talk bad about me because.
I cannot live without you.
There are a lot of rice cakes in bamboo during December.
4 When it said that there is going to be.
how much do seventy wax gourd cost?
Don't forget tot eat healthy foods.
The watermelon is hard.
The pig hears noises.
We fried the chicken.
He will eat cucumber to get strong.
The cherry is destroyed.
the haze of green as the bus sped by,.
This is me.
At that time, Tom wasn't very happy.
His aunt visited me.
November 7 is Thursday.
All of our meals have string beans.
The monkeys prefer the shadows rather than the spotlight.
Is this passing?
In some bacteria, while multiplying by asexual reproduction, it generates many complex reproductive structures that help expand new cells.
The old chairperson shared some words of wisdom.
You are on the right.
I was born to be true not to be perfect.
Did you break it?
Her husband asks her every other week if he should quit already.
It does not work that way.
How many boys are there in this class?
Rice grows in fields.
Mango is her favorite.
The banana is expensive.
Please cook beef stew.
I don't like eggs.
i never care for someone until i met you.
It is hard to wake up someone who is pretending to be asleep.
It's already October 2!.
The rose is cold.
Don't just eat fish. Eat meat, too.
Grape is nutritious.
My father is looking for a large black pajama.
Nina sat in a temple using drums, bells and readings of Sanskrit scripture.
November seventeen is the date today.
how much do eight tomato cost?
She is going through the house now.
Thank you for your explanation.
My niece is looking for large pink shorts.
It has been thirty-two hours since I have soup.
How much for beltfish?
You cooked dinner.
She used margarine instead of butter.
He always feeds his child with pineapple to grow faster.
He can be quiet.
Is there a direct flight from Korea to Cebu?
I confuse her.
I want to buy a drink.
Eat the food I cooked.
My uncle is looking for a small cyan bag.
He is an American.
He died.
We rallied last February 21.
My sister is looking for large grey clothes.
The eagle suspect the dog wasn't the only one who did that.
The cabbage is hard.
Those computers are broken.
Do you know how to cut onions?
I hear she has been absent from school.
They fought last November 12 because of money.
The centipede is not surprised.
He will eat cabbage for faster recovery.
Cook dinner.
According to a Jewish text, one kidney prompts a person to do what is good and the other one prompts to do evil.
Boland was a little dinosaur.
The papaya is hard.
The fly suddenly died.
I like to buy four big fruits.
how much does a kilo of bitter gourd cost?
He is bigger than me.
Did it rain last December 2.
This book will help you answer the questions.
She listened to her conscience.
You just cooked dinner.
how much does a hundred mustard cost?
He will drink our wine.
Finished!
Are they already done with what to do?
Tom drove home alone.
My uncle is looking for a large white pajama.
I saw something.
Their sisters visited me.
Where is your towel?
The strawberry is wet.
He sold his guitar last November 19.
The soursop is effective.
Did it rain last December 18.
I fixed the bike yesterday.
The winter melon is dirty.
Your house needs painting.
He just cooked breakfast.
He went to the store.
Happiness can happen to anyone, mostly because everyone deserves to be happy.
My uncle drives a nice car.
My niece is looking for medium magenta clothes.
I started to sometimes worry about my lifestyle.
My aunt is looking for large black shorts.
My aunt is looking for a medium white pajama.
Does he give headaches?
Have you eaten your lunch?
I don't want to drink pineapple juice.
Where does Tom eat dinner?
Your clothes are tight.
I don't see how you can eat that stuff.
The training for the bull begins.
She eats apple to strengthen his immune system.
The mosquito stayed there for three days.
The genes flow can slow down this process by spreading new genetic variants to other populations.
Publications in the Philippines The Public Health in Colonial Manila 1898-1918 by physician and historian Ronaldo B. Mactal signed one of the first attempts to integrate geography, medicine, and history fields to discuss health during the American occupation of the Philippines.
We went fishing.
She said that the drug came from Japan.
But I did go to Khao San to get my nose pierced.
How many pieces of bay leaf?
He will sell his guitar on November 2.
Do you still have jasmine rice?
Did I cook rice?
You will be lying there.
The dragonfly's bestfriend is not strong.
He will play tennis tomorrow.
I'm not sure.
Many puppies watch floorball.
The lice saw you with a tall boy.
You've been riding on the bus since 10 a.m.
His grades are high.
Did you bring food for the trip?
how much do seven lanzones cost?
The doctor said that you eat this for your hand fracture.
These ensembles also need to relieve the stresses of the implantation introduced in the DNA strands during the processes such as transcription and DNA replication.
The doctor advised her to eat grape.
They ate bananas.
My niece is looking for a medium red bag.
are you buying banana?
We're late.
Enough rest is needed to avoid injury.
The modern traveler can go where he likes.
I'm giving up on you.
I constructed a new room.
I drive a car.
Her medicine was sold out.
The fish is not scared to make friends.
He is unconscious of his bad manners.
Rotifera 1,800 types.
The taro is slippery.
The bats did not clap for us.
They sleep on the couch.
I doubt you'll go for the interview after reading this.
The Picnic groove is also frequently visited because it has a lot of activities that tourists love.
There is no discount for the shrimp scad?
she paid for three months.
I hope you enjoyed your stay in this country.
I want mung bean sprouts in my food.
I like to buy nine small cashews.
I eat five times a day: breakfast, snacks, lunch, snacks again, and dinner.
The carabao got involved in an accident.
I am boiling water.
My niece is looking for a medium grey shirt.
Tom didn't want an expensive camera.
Have you brought a mirror?
Our school is near the station.
Many seagulls are members of a ninja society.
He should have drunk coffee earlier!
I have not had anything to eat since this morning.
I like white wine better than red wine.
The money was in the car.
Keep off the grass.
Avoid releasing painful words.
how much is one kilo of shrimp?
You can also eat a chocolate for a snack.
He is leaving them food.
Tom is thirty years old.
I dislike it there.
Sinigang has many ingredients.
Keith comes here at half past three every day except Saturday.
Your friends are asking about your lung.
It's hard to tell your mind to stop loving someone when heart still does.
I really like it.
You have to act to get things done.
how much does a kilo of melon cost?
They are frying smoked fish.
Eat meals slowly.
The lizard may go out if the rain lets up.
The star apple is cold.
Why did I take this subject.
I?╟╓d like to buy coconut husk.
This year has been a lucky one for him.
Are there unoccupied rooms available?
You sold the buko pies.
It was said that that lady was an actress.
I wish tomorrow will be November 5.
We slept in our room.
It is bad to lob a stone.
They didn't swim because it was cold.
You said you will do it but you did not.
The chief crop of our country is rice.
Do you have gifts for your relatives in the States?
The blackberry is delicious.
Later she said.
She finished college.
water into blood.
They are frying egg.
We showered him.
We come in frequently.
You always talk back to me, don't you?
The vacation is on Thursday.
them out of the world.
We're a bit late.
Eat slowly.
He is experiencing cramps.
You're wrong.
His father is asking him to go to Spain to consult a doctor.
Black pepper is put on food to make them spicy.
Mason can cook.
No changes in the morphology or cellular organization that occurred in these organisms over the next billion years.
Your sister has asthma.
I want to sell two pork.
This second table in the middle is broken.
The employees demanded for a performance based bonus.
The whale do not have anything to give to you.
how much do nine squid cost?
Where can I buy sapodilla?
My favorite color is red.
His agency is situated between two parallel roads.
I spoke to him yesterday.
If you haven't read the book of Revelation.
Is this fresh corn?
how much does one billion sardines cost?
Can I buy the anchovy?
Her body is thin.
I like to buy eight big pineapples.
It rained really hard last December 3.
People need the company of others to combat their feelings of loneliness, which could likely cause one to dwell on negative things, like death, problems, and hardships, etc.
They said that the drug is coming from Spain.
I will cook breakfast.
Why don't you like eating fish?
I smile even though it hurts.
The papaya is sour.
May is cheap when it comes to buying rice.
She had no other choice but to marry the old man.
Clean the black board.
The cat's owner needs money to prove that she owns the dog.
We will eat later.
He hasn't got a passport last year.
The worm do not care what he does.
Men often overestimate their own intelligence and credentials.
Their food has leche flan with it.
However, it is important to remove excess dirt and oil from the skin by washing regularly.
The girl carried her bag.
He was prescribed ten drugs.
Tom paid me a visit yesterday.
Is this fifth chair on the left is broken?
The crab is meaty!
They are caring for them.
They uploaded a video discussing their recent progress.
The moth cannot cough.
Cook pork adobo.
Tom buys new shoes whenever he can find a pair that fit.
How many pieces of taro?
My son takes eight medicines every evening.
I decorate my room.
Morning of November 29.
Her father asked her to go to Manila to consult a doctor.
We are following the surgeon.
My father is looking for large pink clothes.
May twenty-one is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
I have just eaten lunch.
The jackfruit is blue.
I need to rest.
squash is the cheapest.
I want to go on a vacation next year inGuinea-Bissau.
There are people who don't eat breakfast anymore.
The wolf have been here since five o'clock.
You have been sold brownies.
The bat like dogs.
Everybody loves the cow.
Can i ask for a discount for the tilapia?
Tomorrow will be October 4.
Is it true that my parents cannot drive?
You fried smoked meat.
I headed along a pathway that took in the whole site.
He's a twenty eight year old man.
My teacher taught me how to drive.
how much do thirty squash cost?
how much do seven malay apple cost?
I wish tomorrow will be November 6.
August eighteen is the date today.
She did all of her responsibilities.
The scorpions deliver the message to the head scorpion.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad: Oh God.
From where is this lady's finger?
I like plans.
I visited Tony yesterday.
He came from a known university.
I like castles.
You will cook the rice.
He sold his guitar last September 25.
I turned off the tap.
They don't live in New York anymore.
Do you drink softdrinks?
The eggplant is nutritious.
Is September 20 Friday.
They use chemical energy in nucleoside triphosphates that are primarily ATP to break hydrogen bonds between bases and break DNA duplicate helix in one strand.
It rained really hard last September 8.
The storm's power is unstoppable.
Do not make them cry.
There's even people that use KFC's gravy as soup.
Can you fry dried fish?
You can always count on Tom.
They made the halo-halo.
He always eats radish to be healthy.
My mother is looking for small pink clothes.
She is looking for a slim laptop.
She said that the doctor came from France.
The pomelo is green.
He needs local anesthetic for the operation.
You look stupid.
That band is so good!
Forget about that.
You are selling buko pies.
They boiled corn.
He sees profit in you so he's with you.
The movie had swears in it, which made me nervous because Mom didnt let me watch movies with swears.
He sold his guitar last September 29.
His smartphone is charging in his office.
Would you like a glass of water?
He always feeds his child with apple to be healthy.
She just sold cupcakes.
I live in Russia.
I take the bus to school.
The third chair is vacant.
The brownies are being eaten by you.
I like to buy seven big papayas.
Land rent provides this constant source of resources to affiliate users.
There is plenty of fish in the ocean.
What's the lesson today?
Can i ask for a discount for the avocado?
Please write to me as soon as you can.
Are they arriving next month?
Is that me?
The rose is ugly.
He says what he thinks regardless of other people's feelings.
Buy a new toothbrush.
My niece is looking for a small brown shirt.
That's realistic.
You can cook pork.
For the students.
Don't quarrel with your fellow schoolmates.
Some of the pigs did not participate.
You are in our class.
Mary is already eating the vegetable you gave.
He will write a book until November 19.
Can I go to the comfort room?
November 14 is Thursday.
You don't need to carry supper with you.
She needs to undergo operation on her right lung.
The weak can now do substantial harm to the strong.
I just cooked dinner.
A cup of rice usually costs ten pesos at cheap eating places.
My mother is looking for a medium orange bag.
I've been walking to work recently.
Bread is baked in an oven.
She has swelling in her right hand.
We are looking for them.
Now I'll read it.
She needs medicine for her breast.
A cupcake is a delicious dessert.
From where is this philippine lime?
I doubt it.
Its beautiful in the Mission, but at Golden Gate Park you struggle against the beachs fog.
This is called intercalation.
They will drink her water.
I saw my friend.
My aunt is looking for medium red pants.
They ate apples.
how much is ten kilos of garlic?
If October 21 is Saturday,.
I got confused with what he said.
Did it rain last November 21.
It was really fun to see the whales, when their chins open up as if it will eat you.
Can I have a glass of water please?
Let me tell you about the discrimination within our party.
She is frying the milkfish.
The cat ate my work.
Do you still have garlic?
in the dens and in the rocks of the mountains.
Does it have to be him who will be cooking for the celebration?
The deer's mother loves the baby deer.
Our minds are racing.
Dracula sips on blood.
He will drink liquor.
How many pieces of pickled papaya?
Can i ask for a discount for the fish sauce?
My mother is looking for a medium white watch.
The grape is red.
I cannot hear what he is saying.
Are you going to the shoe shop later at 12:00 PM.
The papaya is effective.
He has infection in his hands.
She is boiling beef.
Did she accompany you?
The winter melon is green.
One snake want to become the champion.
We are going to climb that mountain.
He will make my sister a good husband.
how much is eight kilos of squid?
Formentera is called one of the best kept secrets in Europe.
I have been in Japan for two months.
Cheese can easily be cut with a knife.
They ate sushi for lunch.
She grilled the corn.
We have to leave at the crack of dawn tomorrow.
The kids have been very quiet for the past hours.
She will consult a doctor in Germany.
We do not think.
The bull is watching yuri on ice.
I wanted to embrace the world.
She is going with you.
I will buy a book.
Can I fry the dried fish?
There is a knife beside the kitten.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Dominica.
This fourth chair on the right is broken.
The steam is hot.
He challenged conventions at every stage.
how much do six wax gourd cost?
They are cooking dinner.
She got her disease in France.
how much is seven kilos of squash?
how much does one hundred tamarind cost?
The lychee is hard.
If it's not yet October 10,.
You?╟╓re responsible for your emotional intelligence at this point.
how much is a kilo of sardines?
How many pieces of ginger?
Pick up the pieces of paper.
Why don't you ever cook?
Tom ignored all of Mary's warnings.
how much do fourteen jackfruit cost?
The rival bee's team has no wins.
The banana is giving the dog a radish.
The corn is thirsty.
Tom listened.
how much do seventeen bottle gourd cost?
My sister is looking for large grey pants.
My aunt is looking for large orange shoes.
My plans failed one after the other.
That bear kicked the tree.
Get a recap of the inspiring talks from this year.
She is still at the office.
Are those computers in the middle broken?
She will drink their juice.
how much does one billion malay apple cost?
I thought he said something else.
We love the variety of designs we get from you.
Writing is fun.
They just sold brownies.
How much for terapon fish?
The cat planted a vegetable.
and it has since become the country's common name.
I cut cheese.
I am very good at studying.
how much does a milkfish cost?
How much is the sapodilla?
Go here on September 6.
I hear it's buried under all that snow.
I wish tomorrow will be November 12.
My aunt is looking for medium yellow clothes.
She looked for a bandage.
Is there any discount for the goby fish?
I'd like to book a room for three nights.
He lost his money last September 5.
Tom hasn't eaten supper yet.
The whale must go right away.
How much for green bean?
He cheated.
9000 liters of water.
I'll see Tom later today.
The crab is bored.
He had a great fall.
tribulation or persecution that arises because.
She slept on the bed.
Did you buy a ticket?
The pies that she made taste bad.
Later, when she was able to talk about it.
how much does a kilo of lima bean cost?
The pancakes that made made taste bad.
He will write a book until November 6.
This MRT has been stuck here for about 15 minutes now.
I'd like to buy water spinach.
Some kittens do not care about the death.
They said that the drug is coming from Italy.
You just sold buko pies.
It has been fifteen hours since I have eggs.
The mosquitoes never came.
Are they cooking rice?
If it's not yet December 2,.
He needed to undergo operation on his right hand.
How many floors does this hotel have?
You can boil the egg for nine minutes.
The avocado is effective.
If November 4 is Saturday,.
The lime is juicy.
My nephew is looking for a medium white sweater.
how much does a million strawberry cost?
You must study hard.
The pepper is red.
Call Peter.
There is no discount for the watermelon?
My mother cannot drive a car.
I want to sell five sardines.
He's a good person.
He will join me.
Sharing of ideas.
The mung bean is hot.
Its original planned implementation on 1 January 2000 was passed unobserved.
I walked toward the park.
Tom left for school at the break of dawn.
When will you get married?
My son told me to drive to Boston.
Did it rain last November 17.
I can't drink the beer any more.
We are nervous.
I cooked him dinner.
in Tibet that follow the Dalai Lama: they.
It is nineteen minutes past two.
It sounds good.
It should be me who will be cooking for the celebration.
All these chairs on the right are broken!
Show me.
Is this fresh short mackerel?
You are all I need.
Their knees are weak.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Cape Verde.
Do you want an ice cream?
He needs a doctor.
Where is the house of my best friend?
Is there a supermarket near here?
The jellyfish is not easy.
The only words I heard in the avalanche of new sounds that assaulted my ears were Venga and Vale, which hadnt been covered on my CDs, or at least not in the way that people were using them.
Here is my ballpen, take it.
They had said their prayers by ten o'clock.
Medication may be needed to raise blood pressure.
My father is looking for a large orange sweater.
I'd like to buy ham.
My friends took the bus.
That third table is broken.
I wish tomorrow will be December 20.
Something is broken in my house.
I know it's a bit sudden.
He seemed unusually happy so I thought he was on drugs.
It is necessary for you to work hard.
He has been crying for fifteen months at the grocery.
When the rain stops, we'll go for a walk.
You are joining him.
In countries like Spain drugs are regulated at the national level.
I will graduate with high honors.
You just sold brownies.
October eighteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Unfortunately, it carried all Japanese products.
Where's my supper?
The worm like summer the best.
Try it once more.
He said that it was painful.
It can be seen in this image the anatomy of a frog.
Where can we buy a drink or food?
I want to sell more bottle gourd.
Snails are edible.
You are grilling the milkfish.
how much do six shrimp cost?
Four hundred pesos.
The scorpions enter the house.
It rained really hard last October 28.
The banana is orange.
how much does a durian cost?
He tends to procrastinate so he usually overloads himself.
They asked the astrologer if we'd get an engineer or a doctor.
I gave him bread.
I fried beef.
He pulled out not long ago.
I live in Yemen.
My niece is looking for small violet clothes.
He will sell his guitar on November 14.
We got the picture.
When did you learn how to drive?
Is there any discount for the mullet fish?
Just keep walking!
This third table in the middle is broken!
The jasmine is juicy.
We were late for the flag ceremony.
The lychee is unripe.
The cookies that I made taste bad.
Useless teacher.
Tom doesn't like to travel.
Give me half a kilo of prawns.
I like to buy seven small coconuts.
Why not tell me?
In both the prokaryotes and the eukaryotes, RNA antiseptics of interstitials are created but the functions of these RNAs are not entirely clear.
I'm glad I tried to turn you into a rock a few days ago.
Our arms were severed.
Do you know my dog?
The cockroach's brother was last seen yesterday.
Her parents asked her to go to Italy to consult a doctor.
I count frequently.
how much do nineteen malay apple cost?
It seems expensive.
She eats guava to strengthen his bones.
Carrots are used in dishes.
The spirit spider is good at fighting.
birds whistling as the sun beat down on dried paths, but only grey was visible through the window.
How many pieces of fermented anchovy paste?
How much for sea grape seaweed?
The duck goes round and round.
i don't like deep dish pizza very much.
how much does a thousand banana cost?
I'll be fine.
I disturb her.
I spent a year at a school in Russia.
See you tomorrow at school.
You can fry hotdog.
Has the room been locked?
I don't have anyone to travel with me.
Yesterday is September 4.
I didnt want to be this person.
The hen discover a weird fruit.
You can cook the dinner.
Upto four pages only.
I have to change into my work clothes.
Have you studied already?
Last wednesday, we bought apple from the store.
The hen is a girl.
You made gulaman.
But it could be fun.
He needed to undergo operation on his ear.
He picked up my pen that fell on the floor.
Her mother is asking her to go to Italy to consult a doctor.
Nutritionists urged medical students to take lifestyle-related subjects.
Are they frying hotdog?
She is eating the cupcake.
His eyes ache.
Robert does not like the smell of garlic.
I listened to the teacher.
I want to eat a mango.
September 28 is Monday.
The strawberry is perfect.
You look great.
You have to let go.
How many pieces of shrimp scad?
The strawberry is white.
how much do seven worm cost?
He understood he could not win.
This dictionary is completely useless.
the break allowed him to think about it.
For the teacher, teaching her was fun.
I am the leader of the troop.
First Saturday is on 1 July.
Whenever, wherever, you are my dream.
There are a lot of legends in Japan.
How much for that?
Do you have anything to eat?
I'm late for practice.
I really think my cousin should drive.
Just now they are talking about you and your father.
She eats watermelon to get strong.
For 32 years, he has unceasingly helped his employees.
His doctor is ready.
Many jellyfishes are sleepy.
I play volleyball.
He could have passed but decided not to come.
You are stinky.
You can even send me money to help pay for your sibling's education.
We will rinse ingredients.
My uncle wants you to drive to Boston.
I was surprised to see you here.
garlic is getting more expensive.
I went to the hospital to see my uncle.
The oat is cold.
worm is not that cheap.
Its soothing to know that you can hold somebodys hand when you need it.
Is October 23 Friday.
My mother is looking for a small cyan watch.
Are those dogs rabid?
I am excited to travel.
My niece is looking for small orange shorts.
All those chairs are broken.
They will consult a doctor in Manila.
I drank a glass of milk this morning.
He needs to undergo operation on his breast.
I like to buy four small mushrooms.
you led for ten weeks and everything fell apart.
He has been campaigning against the authority of education priests, aiming to bolster the conquest of priests and artist novices under Owen in favor of the new generation of professional scientists.
You were right.
I am staying at a condominium.
The dog is scarier than the cat.
Will the doctor prescribe medicine or air your report on TV?
Where is the coconut husk?
how much is two kilos of strawberry?
The first computer on the right is broken.
Huge room.
Is there any discount for the ponyfish?
The soldiers got to the foot of the hill before dawn.
The cashew is wet.
The owl will be back at six-thirty.
Can we meet later?
Is there any discount for the garlic?
I lost my eight dentist at 10:00 AM.
Your death will be slow.
I had just put the washing out when it started to rain.
We ate crackers.
The oat is wet.
The camels both look very uncomfortable.
They will make salad.
My mother is looking for a small orange shirt.
We will fight each other.
The monkey couldn't think of doing anything like that.
My aunt is looking for a large yellow watch.
He will grill tilapia.
He has been sold cheap meats.
The centipede's bestfriend is not strong.
He got lost while walking in the woods.
I want to sell a legumes.
He borrowed my calculator.
I was not able to study.
My sister's going to the dentist tomorrow.
Where are the papers supposed to be kept?
They fought last November 18 because of money.
Don't worry!
Would you like to buy something?
The tire needed more air.
how much do thirteen strawberry cost?
Please find someone who speaks French.
He has pain in his elbow.
I like to buy nine big eggplants.
She is an American.
Do you still have sweet potato sprout?
Where is the mustard?
We'll talk about this tomorrow.
I am thinking of a good plan.
She did not go in.
The weird animal helps the jellyfish.
We speak the same language, don't we?
He likes eggs.
I can't focus on lecture classes for a whole hour.
On the way the West does not understand Russia.
She said that the drug came from the United States.
The radish is juicy.
A lot of items are inside the game.
We'll be back tomorrow night.
The sky is filled with stars.
The winter melon is long.
My brother is looking for a medium brown sweater.
Can educators warn students?
Do not drink beer.
The notion of an economic collapse has stirred fear in the masses.
He does drugs.
She appeared to have forgotten my name.
I brought bananas with me today.
I wrote on the wrong thing.
She is writing it on tShe blackboard.
Morning of September 17.
Do you sometimes study in the library?
Haven't you heard the news?
You will rinse the ingredients.
Are you bored yet?
Where do you keep your ketchup?
Can you cook the chicken?
I like to buy four small string beans.
I swim every day.
It tastes like chicken.
The corn is expensive.
Mary offered to let Tom use her car.
There's been a lot of rain this year.
December 4 will be Sunday because.
We are all here already.
The monkeys are ignoring you.
Jump as high as you can.
He's planning to buy a bed before November 29.
The lead goes to the cats.
You can fry hotdog.
Then our flight got canceled again, this time due to weather.
You take your train, l'll take mine.
Crick's further writings and accomplishments show that the genetic code is based on unrelenting base trips called codons that allow Gobind Khorana, Robert W. Holley and Marshall Warren Nirenberg to decipher (decipher) genetic code.
She gave them food.
What time do you plan to wake up?
How many pieces of coconut?
Can i ask for a discount for the eggplant?
Can I borrow your pen?
We made leche flan.
The heart is a muscular organ in most animals, which pumps blood through the blood vessels.
Please put this on their table.
Deers want justice.
I am selling vegetables.
Please cook breakfast.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Ghana.
You can cook chicken.
The villain is a turtle.
They drive to New York every summer.
Do not disobey me.
Accept that you have lost and I have won.
My aunt is looking for a large pink bag.
They are bothering me.
He is boiling egg.
They fried garlic.
I want to buy four cabbage.
The kitten is watching danganronpa.
It was not very cold yesterday.
You'll be busy tomorrow.
When I am thirteen years old, I am going to travel in many strange and beautiful countries.
He will go here on November 17.
I like to buy six small pomelos.
Tom sometimes goes to Boston.
I was not able to count.
I will sell the fruits.
Some of the most expensive commodities are gold and oil.
They also went around to see the colorful picture.
He showed me the way to the store.
He is on his way to Greece to consult a doctor.
She was able to buy five of her medicines.
I was so lucky to read the assignment.
He was walking with a stick in his hand.
One of the women tapped me on the shoulder, offering the bag of plantain chips, but I declined.
My uncle is looking for medium magenta shorts.
She cooked pork stew.
She has swelling in her arm.
July two is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
We help each other when there is a group activity.
I just chopped vegetables.
I don't want to go shopping by myself.
She always feeds her child with tamarind to grow healthy.
Some puppies try floorball.
These animals have a unique body structure where there is a gorgon for food with a single tunnel that serves as a mouth and anus.
Did you accompany them?
how much do ninety soursoup cost?
The corn is spicy.
The bat have found what the bat was looking for.
If you work for a garage, you have to pay the garage for the privilege of leasing the cab for the day.
September thirteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Tom drives a purple boat.
When did you buy the watch?
It was very cold yesterday morning.
The seagull wouldn't worry about them.
Did you hear about what happened in Boston yesterday?
The snake performs a routine.
We group hugged before I boarded.
He is eating bitter food.
The researcher will research.
When the dry ground lit me ablaze.
From where is this smaller pink-speckled squid?
4 teaspoons corn oil for saute.
The bear knows how to play a guitar.
My mother takes four medicines every evening.
Tom needs to eat.
His aunt is good in cooking lunch.
I like to buy five big taros.
These computers are broken.
I've been here every day for the past three weeks.
The mushroom is nutritious.
Do you want some of these fries?
how much do four tomato cost?
The wolf like all of them.
The summit of the mountain is covered with fresh snow.
It is small and shaped like a vase.
I chose to go to him instead of waiting for him to arrive.
You're up early today.
That was years ago.
He loves science fiction.
My elder sister takes three medicines every morning.
I'm going to work during the spring.
I like to buy seven small watermelons.
She eats banana to strengthen his immune system.
I ate meat.
My brother is looking for a large pink pajama.
November 23 is the day of his death.
Your wish will come true in the near future.
Will I rescue Superman?
She will often go shopping on holidays.
He will eat onion to avoid sickness.
My cousin taught me how to drive.
how much do fifteen sardines cost?
Tom and his friends play poker almost every Fridaynight.
He eats watermelon to get strong.
I'm going to sleep in about an hour.
You cooked the supper.
He is looking after them.
How many pieces of fermented mackarel paste?
The swan's ball is heavy.
and personal experience has confirmed, that being carried around in an upright position does wonders for gas expulsion.
We will eat brownies.
She will raise her hand.
together with him in the clouds.
Cook supper.
He wasn't at home when I called on him.
The camel discover a body.
I saw her reading a book.
pork is cheaper.
I was not able to write.
I want onion in my food.
The demand for this service you speak of is just not there.
Leaves spores, usually endospores or spores within the cell, the last part of the sperm.
Do you still have gizzard shad?
He is driving.
I hope you enjoyed your breakfast.
I am joining you.
The weird sheep kills four sheep.
Now we wait.
In countries like China drugs are regulated at the national level.
The wind is cold.
My father is looking for medium red shoes.
Are people buying your ingredients?
I left your valuables with the guard.
He said that the illegal drug will come from China.
The tiger is playing floorball.
how much does thousand orange cost?
Talk to the officials.
Beyond the south, he saw the steep shingle plains and clam as rising beaches displaying a series of elephants.
The crocodile confess at these words a shudder passed through me.
I need no sympathy.
She has pain in her lung.
It doesn?╟╓t fit.
My uncle is looking for medium pink pants.
The pies are still cooking.
how much is four kilos of crab?
You are rinsing the ingredients.
The cucumber is blue.
I like to buy four small carrots.
Can you cook beef?
White cheese is cheese made from carabao milk.
My name is Satan.
I will write next week.
You do not have to bring your lunch.
I stretched my arms.
I'm only thinking of you.
Give an example of an adjective.
Become a good engineer and success will chase you.
My father takes ten medicines every afternoon.
Mango is nutritious.
Can you get the mung bean sprouts?
The worms hugged.
Let me borrow your eraser.
He thinks he should go to the hospital.
They are widely seen on the ground, water and as symbiont of other organisms.
We finished elementary.
Experience will teach you common sense.
how much do eleven mango cost?
She is becoming healthy by eating tamarind.
Can you drive a car?
I won't be late.
My nephew is looking for a large green pajama.
My elder sister takes five medicines every morning.
He said Randy is coming.
It's more fun in Ghana.
The boy fainted, but he came to when we threw water on his face.
She visited her Chinese relatives twice in 1817.
Did they fry chicken?
It's already October 11!.
Can i ask for a discount for the skipjack tuna?
The coach said that to get married the duck must win first.
The flies found a mysterious city in ruins in the desert.
Do you still have dried fish?
They were riding on a big seven-person bicycle last week.
I want to sell four legumes.
From where is this tamarind?
This is the key that opened that door.
I do not use my pants because it has holes.
I?╟╓ll be watching Who Wants to be a Millionaire at that time.
My friend is working as a barista.
The mustard is weird.
I do not understand why you are so cold.
She is preparing the ingredients of the dish.
The kittens are scared.
how much is two kilos of sugar apple?
Did you enjoy yourself at the theater?
My brother is looking for a large red bag.
Who can speak Japanese here?
He will sell his guitar on November 1.
There is a ton of ocean garbage to clean up.
On the runway?
Did you see the film on TV last night?
Where is the fermented fish paste?
She thanked the dentist.
I want to sell more starfruit.
He made the gulaman.
Why are you still awake?
My grandfather takes nine medicines every evening.
ginger is more expensive.
He had read about my project in a German magazine and wrote this very strange but charming email to me.
Third Monday and Tuesday is on 17?╟⌠18 July.
I have over 400 billiard cue sticks sold and in service.
I'm on my way.
Is this fresh cabbage?
Bible tells us that some day there will be.
He became ill.
Their donuts are with you.
How much for eggplant?
My brother is looking for a small black shirt.
how much does one million bottle gourd cost?
He needs medicine for his heart.
The wolf eat lunch here two or three times a week.
He's planning to buy a bed before December 1.
My father struggled with the robber.
December 17 will be Sunday because.
starfruit is very expensive.
I like to buy six small star apples.
Go on vacation at least once a year.
I like a red car.
Quiet school.
The oleander is bland.
How long ago did this happen?
She needs medicine for her left shoulder.
I saw you cooking.
The squid will miss your cooking.
We drank lemon, orange, and carrot shake at the Area 2.
The sesame is elusive.
I spoke to my uncle on the telephone.
The best lechon can be found in Cebu.
Do you know what this sentence means?
Are you doing everything to become the person you want to be?
Why don't elephants get cancer?
He is taller than Hulas.
Some sheep are killed immediately.
They come in frequently.
We can dance.
The grape is black.
I won't ask.
When is the deadline for the project?
The thing is I want to do more for our clients.
My nephew is looking for a medium brown watch.
You are frying the chicken.
The bull is given a nickname.
Immersing myself at work gives me a sense of purpose.
Are you free next Sunday?
Mungbean rice pudding is delicious.
He always feeds his child with radish to grow healthy.
I'm used to this.
She needs to undergo operation on her left lung.
Are you going to treat me coffee at Starbucks?
Can we have a menu please.
Before you face your mistakes, you need to first understand the roots.
She needs to undergo operation on her left ear.
Free internet at work is very useful.
July 16th.
On August 8, 2011 a report based on NASA studies on meteorites found in the world was printed suggesting the founders of building blocks of DNA that adenine, guanine and related organic molecules could be formed in extraterrestrial (not in earth / earth) in outer space.
The eagles recommend that the image should be stored.
The cabbage is delicious.
He can't drink milk.
Have you heard them play?
What do you think about super-sizing?
Can i ask for a discount for the sea grape seaweed?
First Monday is on August 7.
most of our days are warm.
You will give me a clue.
The melon is dirty.
This is not a pencil.
The government agents are doing some real work.
I only show my designs to my customers and my associates.
My mother is looking for a small white pajama.
how much do sixteen garlic cost?
I feel like going to bed early tonight.
I hope the commercial results to more sales.
Coconuts are used for their meat and juice.
pork is expensive.
Have you been to Mexico in the last year?
how much do three mustard cost?
He is going to rehab.
What you are seeing is just a fraction of my achievements.
The cat loves me.
have gone through tribulation.
Choose the most applicable answer.
The monkey's chef is minuscule.
My elder brother takes two medicines every morning.
For three generations, all the females in our household are blondes.
The lemon is slippery.
We are ready to eat.
I don't like traveling all that much.
Will you cook breakfast?
Tom will cook.
How do you calculate the money you can spend daily during your trip?
There are many plateaus to be found in the Philippines.
Where have you been?
There are many postcards in this store.
I wish they're still here right now.
Can i ask for a discount for the yellowfin tuna?
I've been here for two days.
The worm just want to sleep.
People tell you a lot of things that aren't quite true.
The butterflies vacationed together.
Our arms are bigger.
Don't carry too much baggage when you travel.
I went to elementary school in Nagoya.
September eight is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
The eggplant is juicy.
Her father asked her to go to China to consult a doctor.
Rice cakes are usually eaten during breakfast.
The coconut is spicy.
If it's not yet October 23,.
You are wasting your time.
I would join you.
Today is November 5.
I want to sell a guava.
Your name is first on the list.
You just rinsed the ingredients.
He ate beans.
how much does one crab cost?
The skating competition for ducks begin.
It's already October 28!.
Flowers are given to loved ones.
He is copying.
Do you still have ham?
It's raining.
Water spinach is sometimes eaten with bagoong.
Two thousand pesos.
From where is this soy sauce?
My daughter takes ten medicines every afternoon.
It might end up being for the best of the majority.
Mybe, not every love stories end in happily ever after.
I wish I was her.
The goat in your area.
I like to buy five small eggplants.
He reads before bedtime.
At 12:00 PM, there are thirty-six gold at the ticket office.
The owls left.
The ship sank to the bottom of the sea.
We know he will live.
My father is looking for large yellow shoes.
What I learned is still lacking.
Her mother is good in cooking lunch.
It was great, I said.
What is your favorite country?
Artists, do not be afraid to promote your work.
I live in Bolivia.
My brother is looking for large grey shorts.
There is no discount for the fish ball?
You made me late.
Their heads are big.
The eagle showed him my room.
My aunt is looking for a large orange watch.
My uncle is looking for small red shoes.
I'd like to buy carrots.
He's planning to buy a bed before November 15.
I am visiting grandpa in the afternoon.
It rained really hard last December 7.
says it was given unto him to make war with.
Most of us don't eat a balanced diet.
Tom spoke quickly.
Is someone looking after you?
The strawberry is effective.
His mind is confused.
The purple yam is fragrant.
His medicine was sold out.
The better snake will have the better song.
I feel good.
Do you still have silk bananas?
We have been sitting on this meeting since eleven forty seven pm.
Battle of Colmar: The French army beats Brandenburg.
Tom found a dead body on the beach.
Where is the red bigeye fish?
The hibiscus is nutritious.
Thanks for supporting the unemployed youth!
What country's food do you like the most?
It was a very long day, but everyone pulled through.
Go ahead and eat, don't be shy.
My big sister told me to drive to Boston.
Can we do it this week?
She is inside an ambulance.
You have to get up early.
I'll have this radio fixed tomorrow.
Pineapple is sour.
We are waiting for the results of our project.
I like to buy five big sweet potatoes.
She's not at home now.
I need extra seat.
According to WHO, sex education tackles about biological and physiological aspects of being female and male.
He is still you but he already needs to wear eyeglasses.
Some horses are weak.
6th day of July.
There will be a dance Friday night at the high school.
Do you still have agati flower?
I always get nervous in her presence.
how much do ten squid cost?
There is no doubt that I will come back here so I can enjoy more the beauty the Lord gave us.
The tiger is playing.
I like yellow mangoes better than green ones.
how much do nineteen milkfish cost?
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.
Take a picture of your food.
The pineapple is hot.
The mustard is exceptional.
Mix Tom a drink.
Medicine is what he is studying.
I went swimming in the river yesterday.
Deliver the shipment before dawn.
You have been sold chocolates.
The submission is still tomorrow.
You'll have to learn to cook.
We are eating chocolates.
Ants live underground.
My brother is looking for small grey pants.
She will eat milk to have beautiful skin.
My daughter takes eight medicines every evening.
She will eat string bean to lose weight.
We exercised.
The moringga is rare.
Students involved in bullying, on either end, are more likely to suffer from deppresion, and eventually attempt suiside, than their peers who were not involved in bullying.
I want to buy one bitter gourd.
The technical execution is remarkable.
I would like to live sixteen hundred years.
The traveler was soon at the door.
It doesnt make them happy, it doesnt fulfill them and it actually detracts from their happiness.
anyone to show me one verse that actually.
(Revelation 13:1) And I stood upon the sand.
Tom is the president of the local astronomy club.
My niece is looking for a small white watch.
We went to see turtles on the beach.
Get me a drink.
Forget that, let's have fun.
Let's fry tocino.
Tell me about your holiday plans.
How much for lanzones?
The star apple is sticky.
Just keep moving.
The spirit bee is attacking the strong bee.
My aunt loves me.
My aunt is looking for a medium black pajama.
A builder of the house and sewer are the second worker.
Professor: I think it is possible to free.
I will eat the chocolate on the table.
The puppy is a forward.
We don't have classes.
She doesn't eat meat.
Our dormitory is very noisy.
The orchid is green.
how much do forty soursoup cost?
He is a good doctor.
The bus just left.
Could you tell me the Wi-Fi password?
He is not always busy in the morning.
how much do three pork cost?
There is no discount for the fish?
I will eat later at 4.
The jackfruit is fragrant.
My sister is looking for small grey shorts.
Great! Let's get together sometime.
Will you buy my ingredients?
Whoever is trying to bring you down is already below you.
September 20 is Monday.
She talked to the doctor.
Your brother is good in cooking breakfast.
Are you boiling egg?
We are frying chickens.
It is too sweet.
That's a great poem.
My uncle is looking for a medium blue bag.
He knows how to fill things that are lacking.
I'm not yelling.
The ship came in sight.
I like to buy eight big eggplants.
a German couple who kept to themselves,.
how much does one hundred eggplant cost?
I am cooking lunch.
She took down the speech in shorthand.
Is it January already?
You cooked lunch.
That is not a pen.
You couldn't stand me.
Ready?
It is difficult to give attention to the shortcomings of your friends.
Avoiding middlemen allows you to sell fresh produce at lower prices.
The lucky kitten wakes up.
Where is the starapple?
How is this answered?
We're having a party Friday evening.
Some of my friends are sleeping.
You laugh at people who have it.
The eggplant is perfect.
I want to sell four nuts.
Are you accompanying him?
My brother is looking for a small pink watch.
I'll do it later on.
Pastor Anderson: Go back to Matthew 24 and.
He has been working at the same position for 5 years.
She's busy now and can't talk with you.
How much for coconut?
How much is this necklace?
She will cook lunch.
What he wants to happen is impossible.
He has infection in his right ear.
We found it out upon checking the figures.
Quantum mechanics illustrate the bonding processes of a chemistry to show which molecule is more favorable than others and how much.
The oregano is thick.
Will we have lunch here?
I was late in my class earlier.
I do not drink coffee.
I will think about it.
I tried not to laugh.
He will eat star apple to have beautiful skin.
The mosquito told tom the cat didn't want to do that.
Everybody left.
Can you cook beef stew?
This happened six hundred years ago, in the city of Florence in Italy.
How're you this morning?
You made the graham cake.
Is November 13 Friday.
The jellyfish's brother knows the jellyfish's plight.
There are many ways to prevent acne.
The chamomile is brown.
If it's not yet December 17,.
The melon is slippery.
Ester's posture is okay.
I like his attitude.
The starfruit is sticky.
July eight is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
There are different kinds of rocks.
You will fry pork.
The holidays came to an end at last.
Do you know how to swim?
How much for red bigeye fish?
how much do eleven crab cost?
I ate a turkey sandwich.
The bear tried to kill me.
Did you eat supper?
Respect my body.
How much for clam?
Go here on December 27.
The worms are having breakfast now.
It's very early.
Did you eat breakfast?
The jackfruit is ugly.
Use this feed to find new business opportunities.
How many pieces of philippine lime?
The turnip is cold.
It's 2012 right now.
I wanted to join you in Iceland, but I do not have money.
The buko pies are being eaten by them.
They got into the top ten best schools in the world again.
The dog likes to suck.
Keep on jumping!
When's dinner?
I like to buy ten small chickens.
We have been sitting on this meeting since seven fifty seven pm.
I will curse you!
I don't like winter.
Festival will only last until October 14.
It rained really hard last November 20.
She said that the doctor will come from Egypt.
The seagull arrives at the village.
Linda will wait until 8 o?╟╓clock to leave.
The cricket think that he has mumps.
Upto two pages only.
Who are we?
He is putting on weight.
Her dog loves to chew on bones.
After a little time off, I plan to go to another tour.
He will write a book until September 25.
It's you the Japanese are wooing?
You will sell the brownies.
They study frequently.
Many believe that the duck's coach is mad.
John had played baseball for five years until he injured his knee.
It was yesterday that she went.
Our equipment is not enough to research.
How many stones did you already get?
The beetle's team meet the villain turtle.
But as time passed, we learned to enjoy it.
We are selling cheap meats.
The doctor is asking about your health.
He continues his researches with information and specimens from naturalists around the world including Wallace who works in Borneo.
She gave him food.
She is ugly.
September twenty-nine is the date today.
Some birds do not know of the dangers.
The centipede jumps into the river.
The desk is made of wood.
It is good attitude that will make a team win.
I can't hear you.
I will rinse ingredients.
The patrolman motioned me to pull over.
Don't mind other's opinyon.
how much do eleven soursoup cost?
find me unconscious.
how much does a million cabbage cost?
His illness comes of drinking too much.
I like to buy seven small guavas.
Some snakes are professional skaters.
Keep on hiding!
Noon of September 13.
You should take care in answering.
The crickets bottled the beer.
My shirt is color blue.
Somebody stole his ATM card.
How's the weather?
The involvement of the other strand is called an antitrust antelope.
My father is looking for medium green shoes.
Give us some mangoes!
I will be staying here for a few days.
I've been here since July.
Now we were someplace newutterly defeated.
The old man passed away this morning.
Why are you asking me?
Is it wrong?
The taro is yellow.
You will cook the rice.
She got me to buy a bread.
It's well past Tom's bedtime.
Give me one more chance, then after, I'll leave even though I have something to tell you.
She is thanking the dentist.
Care for a drink?
We have nothing to do for now.
The complicated forms of life have suddenly emerged in the Cambrian explosion.
She visited them.
Will you sell your car to me?
the ladies told us the total for the two massages was 10,000 Kyat.
Do you still have bigeye snapper?
If October 20 is Saturday,.
November 17 is Monday.
One day a woman in the street managed to get a smile out of Heir I, and I wanted to explain to her that this was by no means a common occurrence.
The crocodile is evil.
My brother is looking for a small blue bag.
What kind of car does my grandfather drive?
She has tumor in her left breast.
He eats mango to strengthen his immune system.
She eats cucumber to strengthen his immune system.
If it's not yet October 26,.
The mosquito hope to change that.
The starfruit is special.
How much for cabbage?
how much does a thousand squash cost?
Her hands are sweatier.
My nephew is looking for a medium magenta bag.
Do you own a computer?
You'd better not tell Tom about what Mary did yesterday.
He said that the drug came from England.
You should start as early as possible.
If December 14 is Saturday,.
There will be classes tomorrow.
My aunt is looking for medium white pants.
It will be November 28 next week.
Festival will only last until November 27.
My grandfather takes ten medicines every afternoon.
My brother is looking for medium magenta clothes.
I will wipe my finger.
He became sick because of the grape you gave.
Students should often talk to each other so that they will get closer.
how much do eighty pineapple cost?
There's a leaf in my humba.
Can you cook the breakfast?
The dog went to the scarier place.
Chickens are strong.
He lives in that house over there.
I'm a little early.
She was prescribed one drug.
The whales won.
The role of systematics is to study these relationships and differences and similarities between species and species groups.
The whale do not agree with him.
The weird fruit can strengthen the firefly.
How many pieces of chub mackarel?
Do you want to go to the blue room?
Don't forget how much is at stake here.
Where are the mung bean sprouts?
the second of February.
times in the New Testament.
We will grill corn.
Upon his return, he became a Biblical critic as a history and wondered why all religions should not be equally valid.
I?╟╓d like to buy watercress.
Are you free right now?
Is it true that Tom changed his name?
Some pirate hen appear.
The sunflower is cold.
Remember to eat a proper breakfast.
The weird hen kills two hens.
The mango is heavy.
His demeanor was very different from what I expected.
He studies slowly.
We rallied last January 7.
I will stay.
My father drives slowly.
The star apple is slippery.
They fought last December 8 because of money.
I'd like to buy soy sauce.
My brother is looking for a medium orange pajama.
Magsaysay defeated Quirino in the 1953 elections.
Just keep slicing.
Please fry garlic.
We are very sweaty.
Tom ate snacks by himself.
Accompany her.
how much does a hundred bitter gourd cost?
Can i ask for a discount for the pomelo?
Can I cook soup?
The chili is thirsty.
I accompanied him.
The tamarind is orange.
I'll check in on you tomorrow.
That disease can be acquired in Spain.
My father is looking for a medium white bag.
As I got on the bus that would take me to the airport, I saw on the window next to my seat, and I thought, No fear.
Tom is in his late thirties.
I will grind the peppers.
The apple is cooked.
Mary rang John?╟╓s doorbell at 8:15 yesterday but John had already left the house.
Do you have it?
The jellyfish is captured.
I'll join you in buying the materials.
He called me.
There was a kitten that is special for being a mass murderer.
I'd like to buy asiatic yam.
The fish used the sword.
We will see if we try.
The body of one is composed of thirteen parts covered with armor.
bitter gourd is more expensive.
The "well-being" can be described by an example of a person who avoids the added ingredients of the diet and is selected for the choice of food to improve health.
and what the day has shown.
The stars are shining brightly.
starfruit is more expensive.
The oleander is big.
There is no discount for the salt bread?
There is an apple above your head.
The hibiscus is effective.
We will sell the fruits.
My uncle is looking for a medium black watch.
The starfruit is soft.
The administrator picked me as the employee of the month.
I want to sell two apple.
Now, be nice.
I ran to the theater.
The taro is bland.
My aunt is looking for a small magenta shirt.
(1 Thessalonians 4:15) For this we say unto.
I was worried when you're gone.
The low level of methylation varies between organisms the larva Caenorhabditis elegans has no methylation of cytosine while the vertebrae have higher levels up to 1% of their DNA contain 5-methylcytosine.
Yesterday is September 7.
I like the food.
My brother is looking for medium white pants.
We will be giving hope to you.
Lunch is packed sometimes to eat at work.
I like to buy seven big avocados.
The chili is delicious.
how much is seven kilos of sesame?
It's a quarter past five.
Put all letters in my pigeonhole.
The ant do not want tom anywhere near me.
Do you still have philippine lime?
i sometimes get my friends together out for dinner.
This second chair is broken.
This is boring.
I hope you fall asleep.
There are more than seven thousand languages in the world.
These labor standards promote productivity and competitiveness among workers.
The jasmine is perfect.
My brother is looking for small orange pants.
How much for sea cucumber?
It has been thirty-three years since I have duck.
I love boiled eggs.
He took time to reflect on his day.
Where did you put it?
Do you have allowance?
The pumpkin is thirsty.
Are you doing something tonight?
The orchid is appropriate.
There was a rainbow earlier.
Please cook the chicken.
It happens sometimes.
He said that the drug will come from China.
She eats string bean to get strong.
He looked for the nurse.
Do you want to buy a watch?
The crocodile didn't tell you because the crocodile thought you weren't interested.
The ship sailed away and was soon lost to sight.
All these tables in the middle are broken!
Her gift to Mrs. Montes is beautiful.
Can you get the chili pepper?
The goat too!
The owl think tom looks a lot like john.
You are rude.
I like to buy two big bitter gourd.
The mosquitoes blamed him for the failure of the company.
It is difficult to fold clothes.
to have this mentality that Jesus Christ.
I want to buy a pineapple.
I like to buy two big taros.
The garage is closed.
The Japanese tend to identify themselves with the group they belong to.
November 3 will be Sunday because.
My name is Perry.
Sure, we have a new project.
She will eat apple to strengthen his bones.
The vegetables were eaten by you.
Do you have a small car just for the day?
He boiled the pork.
The camel doesn't want to take care of the camel.
What is your lunch?
I will drink the liquor.
I can cook breakfast.
The next day it was not even mentioned in the Orders of the Day.
I'm eating dinner now.
Trust is like an eraser, it gets smaller and smaller in every mistake.
You can eat everything.
This is boring.
Can you just make me forget yesterday and today?
Morning of November 17.
I have neither time nor money for that.
I am going to take a bath.
We sometimes see them.
She learned how to drive recently.
Susan often meets with her friends after school.
I like to buy seven big pomelos.
Stay patient and trust your journey.
My wife is obsessed with cleanliness.
Tom doesn't know how to cook.
What does Jim do for a living?
You are so beatiful.
Are you preparing the viand?
He fried tocino.
how much do seven sardines cost?
You're nothing.
You are consistently last in every exam.
how much is four kilos of eggplant?
I want Tom gone by noon.
The sight of blood turned his stomach.
The snail have found what the snail was looking for.
They are buying dinner.
We ate at his uncle's house.
I drank many liquors.
He said he was tired, so he would go home early.
Don't take his remarks too literally.
It gets extremely cold towards early morning.
It's almost noon.
Is it true that big brother cannot swim?
The train station is nearby.
He should not have joined.
You are drinking milk.
How many pieces of cassava?
I would like to have a cup of coffee.
Can I boil the egg?
My friend is helpful.
How many pieces of goatfish?
Sometimes, to laugh is also tiring.
The dog got hit by the tip of the pencil.
How much does these cost?
He loves going to the theater.
Most rabbits are looking for something.
It's more fun in Rwanda.
Youre just trying to get to work.
He lost his money last September 3.
Thank you for taking time to see me.
News Lady: This man quit his management job.
There is no dentist today.
I like to buy six big bitter gourd.
The group is called the Animal Kingdom or Kingdom Animalia.
In this case, Franklin and Gosling's paper was the first publication of their X-ray injection data and the original parallel proxy support model of Watson and Crick.
I agreed with his condition.
She has shoved her glasses up again and is peering closely over my shoulder.
One of us has to do this.
He'd go with you.
There are computers in the laboratory.
Is this fresh carrots?
The chicken's friends help in capturing the cards.
I like to buy two big cabbages.
I didn't want to come here.
How much for pork hock?
There is someone who stole my money.
In 1543.
There is twelve drugs for his sickness.
Did it rain last October 3.
He realized the magnitude of his crime.
I've been there once.
They showered him.
I met her on campus yesterday.
Did you receive my message?
That second chair on the left is broken!
Will she buy mangoes?
My niece is looking for large pink clothes.
Is this fresh maned goby fish?
Will you please turn down the radio?
I like you, I love you, you said that to me but I didn't believe you.
She was standing right next to you a while ago.
Now see how big it is now.
How long is the bridge?
My father is looking for large violet shorts.
The soccer game is tomorrow.
They are looking for blood.
I will not let that happen.
What's the time?
I really enjoy helping disabled people.
Jesus Christ coming in the clouds.
I haven't traveled much in these parts for a long time.
everything was going to be better.
then Jesus Christ comes in the clouds.
My elder brother takes one medicine every morning.
The top of the mountain is cold.
Tom locked his sister in the closet.
What time is the next flight to Manila?
Quit Engineering, and marry Photography.
Sitting for extended periods is linked to worse mental health.
But despite that, hopefully it would be silent where well sleep.
The dog risked its life to save me.
The squid want you to tell me the truth.
I decided to come to Japan last year.
It was typical of him to arrive late.
how much do three fish cost?
how much do fifteen tamarind cost?
Where do we get electricity?
I have quadruplets.
I want to buy one durian.
You cannot escape.
He is sick.
She is sending her downstairs.
The mushroom is healthy.
I will start later.
Why didn't you tell us you knew French?
If you don't know what we stand for, then you aren't listening.
Did you see John?
You fried tocino.
The dove is white.
Can you cook the pork?
He is ready to eat.
The resolution of their unsuitability is covered by today's research and the string like string theory is a possible candidate on the future of the grab money.
He ran from the exit.
Apple is nutritious.
The cricket love him.
What did you study?
The hibiscus is sweet.
Hanging on the ceiling and I think that would be the best feeling.
Isn't he your classmate in chemistry class?
how much do forty turnip cost?
When you come across an extraordinary student like yourself, pass it onto him.
Where did you buy the book?
Her lover is working abroad, but she said that distance does not matter.
The deer's bestfriend asks help from the teachers.
Tom and Mary sat down to eat.
Can we talk again tomorrow?
She studied medicine in the United States.
I want to buy one orange.
One of the jellyfishes is about to be eaten.
Did you find her?
Where should the chalks be located?
The radish is perfect.
They gave her drugs.
He fried a chicken.
August nine is the date today.
How much is the jute?
You may do that tomorrow if you wish.
Tom didn't buy a new car yesterday, did he?
This is part of Aristotle's physiological vision that all things have a role in using a cosmic order of god.
On January 2, 533, Mercurius became Pope John II, the first pope to adopt a new name upon elevation to the papacy.
The frog gains strength.
In Switzerland, spring comes in May.
December eight is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
I don't want to waste half a day.
They gained weight due to their stay in England.
There are frogs who are successful exorcists.
Please don't speak so fast.
There's a problem in the laboratory.
I still feel your touch in my dreams.
I want to buy a worm.
He took out a piece of chalk.
The mosquito want to ask him something.
You fried egg.
We're back early.
I have a lot of things I want to eat.
The milk tastes sour.
Did you see my paper?
How much for peanuts?
My bone in the foot got fractured after running tonight.
The corn is tasteless.
Do not get your hopes up.
Unfortunately, my mother isn't at home.
Did you eat snacks?
February twenty-one is the date today.
He has been sliced breads.
They fought last October 25 because of money.
There is no justice in the world.
I'll be back in ten minutes.
The pineapple is unripe.
Tom has no idea when Mary will arrive.
I am dead.
the Lithuanians were going the opposite direction,.
The moth see your friend's ring.
My father is looking for a medium cyan watch.
You will fry beef.
how much do thirty rambutan cost?
The hibiscus is perfect.
He sold his guitar last November 3.
The bitter gourd is heavy.
My elder brother takes nine medicines every morning.
The birds continue to kill evil birds.
Will you be bringing a pair of glasses?
I can fry tocino.
It's far from here.
He ate a fruit.
The trip took almost four hours along the Pan-American Highway, and I spent most of it peering out the window.
If it's not yet December 16,.
The crocodiles are rowing a boat on the pond.
You have known her for a long time?
At 4am the storm woke me up.
The insects are interrelated.
She needs to consult a doctor in Japan.
He will consult a doctor in Italy.
I ate a nutritious breakfast.
This is because for them it is fun to celebrate christmas here together with the people you love.
The breads are being eaten by you.
Let?╟╓s meet on December 19.
He has pain in his left foot.
March three is the date today.
My aunt is looking for small blue shoes.
Where is the anchovy?
Translate the next part.
I'll have a glass of water please.
She said that the illegal drug is coming from Germany.
We are all unique.
They looked after her.
We need health insurance.
He said that the doctor will come from France.
My nephew is looking for medium white shorts.
Some shrimps need love.
Some members of the evil society are birds.
apple is expensive.
Literally, it's picturesque.
They went to heaven.
My mother is looking for large pink shorts.
how much does a orange cost?
lima bean is very expensive.
The baby's forehead is wide.
I lost my fifteen money at 6:30 PM.
Do you wish to go?
She went back last March 31.
He said that the drug came from Germany.
He is preparing the roasted pig.
My father is looking for medium pink shorts.
The rice needs more salt.
It is a holiday tomorrow.
They have grounded an aircraft.
The rainbow is not fake.
The eagles all sat.
how much do six nuts cost?
I want to sell four lanzones.
Tom didn't know Mary was so funny.
Scorpions love spirit animals.
The shrimp is not hairy.
It is October 25 when.
My mother is looking for a large blue watch.
My classmate is staring at the corner of the wall.
Do you know who I am?
Do you still have mullet fish?
The doctor advised her to eat cabbage.
My uncle is looking for large white shoes.
A lot of shrimps do need food to survive.
I wish today were Friday.
I had watched almost all of the show before the power went off.
Go here on October 16.
Why is the plane late?
Let's go by train instead of by bus.
I will cook dinner.
They got your cupcakes.
Tom wasn't traveling.
My aunt is looking for a large red shirt.
When they are in danger, they run away.
how much do sixteen black plum cost?
The ant is near the river.
The turnip is hot.
Training for the exorcists begin.
The cashew is delicious.
Other evolutionary directories in other human populations include the reproductive period, reduction in levels of cholesterol, blood glucose and blood pressure.
Humans can only multitask up to 3 projects.
I want to sell two sugar apple.
You made the ice cream.
My aunt is looking for small pink clothes.
They gave him drugs.
They ate cupcakes.
The dog is muddy.
How many pieces of mandarin orange?
I like to buy five small onions.
I put my hands to my ears and could still hear the blend of people clucking.
He is eating pepper.
They are sweaty.
The cat's food is divided into two.
I know exactly who Tom plans to marry.
lima bean is not that cheap.
Where are the notebooks kept?
That day everyone met with the words.
There's something I want to show you.
I am finished eating.
They will eat the brownie.
The food at Chowking tastes good.
He eats garlic to strengthen his bones.
I like to buy eight big fishes.
Do you still have bread?
When does Tom eat snacks?
He will write a book until November 3.
She is cooking lunch.
He thinks we don't want to go.
I have class tonight.
My horse loves me.
He likes eating radish that is why he is healthy.
I need sleep.
Some people say that biking to work is less stressful than driving.
They are joining me.
I want to buy one malay apple.
Lead me to a place where good will doesn't end.
Is this fresh starfruit?
The blackberry is red.
I want to go but I have work.
Sit down now.
You must help.
There are so many reasons to be happy.
His mother asked him to go to England to consult a doctor.
Afternoon of October 22.
Prices too that day indicated the state of affairs.
The newly opened library was overwhelmed by students.
Do you think it is good to count calories when you are eating?
You just cooked breakfast.
as soon as I answered her call he started talking.
They are following the doctor.
Have you made any new friends recently?
Both Tom and Mary were born in Boston.
Do not pity me.
How much for ground beef?
He jogged for 2 minutes.
You will sell the buko pies.
In 1876, Robert Koch, a German national doctor, confirmed that Anthrax was caused by a bacterium, (Bacillus anthracis).
He has been smiling for twenty-four minutes at the next post office.
I will die someday.
Let?╟╓s meet on December 29.
My niece is looking for a large pink shirt.
The bat do not have a car.
I have felt it on cold, stormy days and at night.
He just cooked supper.
Are we moving too fast?
I translated the poem the best I could.
The jungle is slowly dying.
You are smiling behind an embarassed face.
Bearing up under this hardship meant fewer meals out.
pull out cash Think about the way the technology.
My nephew is looking for small brown clothes.
Do you still have pork belly?
The cherry is sticky.
She loves him.
are you selling lanzones?
Her uncle visited me.
Is there any discount for the fusilier?
Tonight we celebrate.
The oregano is ugly.
I can cook beef.
You will eat the fruit.
As of the election in November of 2015, Aung San Suu Kyis party, The National League for Democracy, holds a majority of seats in Parliament.
This is never going to end.
But what did I write down?
But there are other books.
She always feeds her child with mango to grow healthy.
They want to feel better.
My brother is looking for a medium pink pajama.
The butterfly won't lose anything.
She is eating bitter food.
how much does one nuts cost?
I'd like to buy snail.
She would join you.
Festival will only last until October 16.
Can you make me some coffee?
Did it rain last November 27.
My child takes eight medicines every evening.
I am at the classroom right now.
What is the capital of Haiti?
A friend tried Miss Keller one day with several coins.
Interior designers make interior spaces practical, safe, and beautiful.
He will sell his guitar on November 20.
If it's not yet November 11,.
If it's not yet September 21,.
Go here on September 12.
March twenty-two is the date today.
From where is this native horseradish leaves?
He stopped at 2nd grade.
how much do seventeen malay apple cost?
The other centipedes see the centipede's body.
Eggs taste better with eggplants.
She usually gets up early.
November 22 is Thursday.
Let's break up.
They fought last November 7 because of money.
Mother can't drive a car yet.
He has been running for forty-two days at the nearest shopping mall.
It is too noisy here.
He is drinking our wine.
March seven is the date today.
Some fishes are having a hard time.
The coconut is cold.
He frowns on his wife's wasting money.
As our open-sided Land Cruiser rolled through the reserve, I was impressed by how varied the landscape was.
I will show you how to act.
Fruits are nutritious.
I forgot my umbrella.
The mushroom is slippery.
Its more of a deep, rhythmic cough.
How much for coriander?
My uncle is looking for a large blue watch.
I wonder if the days seem as interminable to you as they do to me.
My uncle is looking for a medium pink shirt.
how much do thirteen milkfish cost?
how much is seven kilos of mustard?
You can't sleep here anymore.
What can I say?
Keep on searching!
The couple posed for the photograph.
My mother is looking for medium white shorts.
Even when there were no hospitals or doctors, babies were delivered.
High-pressure water jets had been welded at port and starboard.
The killer hens will kill the head hen.
I didnt feel old at all.
She will go to England to consult a doctor.
You got me?
I admire you.
I'm already busy.
Owls, like cats, are active at night.
Let us talk tomorrow.
how much is three kilos of jackfruit?
He is jogging for 3 minutes.
I thought I knew you.
How much for cooking banana?
The pepper is colorful.
Then get lost!
The bird got hit by lightning.
Let your passion lead you to your purpose.
The firefly's brother was last seen last year.
Johan Ray used one of the previous more general terms for designated "species" species to be applied to animal and plant species but not like Aristotle, his purpose referring to each species of species as species and suggesting each species can be characterized by the characteristics that reproduce itself each generation.
My niece is looking for medium red shoes.
The cat brought a hammer.
how much do sixty crab cost?
Tom could not taste anything.
There is no discount for the chico?
The dog's tail is somewhat annoying.
The pancakes that she made taste good.
From where is this sugar?
This conversation is being recorded.
Is it May already?
The ones I have collected are better.
How much are the toys?
Open your books to page two.
I like to travel.
I will read.
Which food is overpriced?
How many pieces of chickpea?
Try again.
There is no discount for the lemongrass?
If genetic differences between populations are formed, the genes flow between populations may identify properties or allele that can not be beneficial to the local population and this may cause organisms within these populations develop mechanisms that prevent sexually transmitted genetics from organisms (or organisms far beyond the gene) that will eventually result in the emergence of new species.
He will write a book until December 30.
November 11 is Tuesday.
Five days a week Giddon left the house before anyone was up.
Noon of November 3.
She will study medicine in Germany.
Do you have any brothers or sisters?
I have colds for three weeks.
Their lamb caldereta is so aromatic.
My vision is getting worse these days.
I want to sell three orange.
My aunt is looking for small green pants.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Iraq.
I'll have a smaller house and a smaller car.
I don't want to eat anything.
It's sunny all month long except last November 7.
I was absent due to colds.
He sleeps in his room.
He will write a book until December 14.
She finished with honor.
Can i ask for a discount for the beef?
He said that the drug came from Greece.
Many will come in the next day.
The starfruit is white.
I live in Eritrea.
You may not pick the flowers.
The tenth of October.
I bought food for my friends.
The jasmine is dusty.
She is losing weight.
The viands here are spoiled.
So, you wear closed toe shoes.
You can fry garlic.
The drug came from France.
He looked for him.
how much is seven kilos of bitter gourd?
the sun became black as sackcloth of hair.
The lychee is shiny.
We go out often and watch the cinemas.
I had finished my homework before mom called me for dinner.
Another month and you're still defiant.
two horns like a lamb.
How many hours have passed since you came?
The huge cat had red hair.
The bear is watching a movie.
The dog crossed the street.
The dog's heart is unaffected.
Camote cue is delicious.
He cannot forget.
They are not standing up.
He always feeds his child with apple to grow healthy.
it's time to go to him.
His one hundred percent strength is not enough.
From 7:00 PM to 5:00 PM.
We've been friends ever since.
how much does one billion octopus cost?
The fourth computer on the right is broken.
He can dance.
You are unbelievable.
Our fingers hurt.
I don't know how to bike.
They can't stop yet because they aren't finished.
Many were drowned when the boat turned upside down.
April thirteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
I already washed my face.
We would like to welcome our first female coach.
I just ate pepper.
He spoke.
The crocodiles were both drunk.
During the day, saliva washes away decaying food and odors.
Tom loves zombie movies and watches them whenever he can.
They ate last February 7.
It's hard to locate silver sea bass in the market.
Starfruits are cheap in the market.
You are cooking chicken adobo.
The bat's wings are flexible.
This middle table on the right is broken.
I like your pair of eyeglasses.
Tomorrow will be September 25.
Life is full of pressures.
He gained weight due to his stay in China.
She is learning nothing.
They are looking for the nurse.
One active volcano surrounded by a lake called taal lake.
The crocodiles want to buy books.
I guess we have to select a new team leader.
The ant senses danger.
July twenty-seven is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
The lice won't lose anything.
DNA segments in which DNA is chemically changed by methylation may undergo a larger transformation in formation and takes the form Z. Here, the strands rotate in the left-handed spiral axial axis in contrast to the more common form B. These unusual structures can be identified by specific Z-DNA binding proteins and may involve transcription regulation.
Get the cake, it's for dessert.
The jasmine is sweet.
I bumped into your dad yesterday.
Some beetles are great at martial arts.
Please don't cry.
Some monkeys do not use the library.
How many are you in the class?
Do you know how to cook?
Where is the fried meatloaf sandwich?
The oregano is illegal.
Nature is life .
Where is the nearest bank?
Is it February already?
It sounds nice.
Some jellyfishes are weak against water.
His story may be true.
Tom stands by me whenever I am in trouble.
How long has it been since we last met?
Technology should improve our lives, not become our life.
How much time do you spend with your spouse?
If it's not yet October 19,.
You are too late.
The snail think she probably just thinks of herself as one of the boys.
I do not want to touch it.
Walk straightly.
The seagulls sell eggs at the supermarket.
It's nice to meet you.
My niece is looking for small cyan pants.
I like to buy six big melons.
May I visit you tomorrow?
Pandesal is usually eaten during breakfast.
If the rice is cooked for too long, it becomes burnt.
The ginger is new.
How much for blue marlin?
The Bohol Adventure is not complete if you do not see the famous Chocolate Hills of Bohol.
how much do four crab cost?
how much does thousand apple cost?
I'm often only half-awake.
Tomorrow is my uncle's birthday.
Love can suddenly come to anyone.
The cockroach is having a race.
I can stand on my own feet.
How many pieces of chico?
This item is prohibited.
The sesame is long.
I ate your chocolate.
Sometimes, you think it's meat but it's a chili.
This meat smells bad.
I will grill the tilapia.
The winter melon is prohibited.
With control comes responsibility, guilt, fear, and stress.
How much for emperor fish?
I smell a fish being roasted.
I hope this will already end.
malay apple is cheap.
My nephew is looking for a small violet bag.
Recent developments caused them to change their travel plans.
Is this third table on the left is broken?
The mung bean is green.
Jackie took two of the larger pieces, about the size of DVD cases, home with her.
She suffered more now than during her first days in Moscow.
They paid no attention to their safety.
Almost everyone loves avocado.
I will eat the pepper.
Do you still have snail?
Many snakes are competing in the competition.
January twenty-seven is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
They believe.
Wait till tomorrow morning.
You are too heavy.
You can cook supper.
Be alert.
She is selling the buko pies.
The magnolia is valuable.
I afford a new loan.
The simplest and most powerful is given by the phonemetic reconstruction.
I know what not to eat.
She's very happy there.
The cook is sitting.
There is nothing as sweet as your kiss.
We got the diagnosis.
This first chair on the right is broken!
Seven hundred twenty seconds.
Two policemen were looking for you.
I want to buy more garlic.
Please hold the line.
What you eat affects your efficiency.
I want to buy less guava.
She said that the illegal drug will come from Greece.
guava is cheap.
She will boil beef.
The bull joins a competition.
Sweet fruits are delicious.
Afternoon of December 3.
I do not have much to give.
May twenty is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Can i ask for a discount for the jackfruit?
It has been twenty-one years since I have trousers.
Man is born free to live.
He has infection in his right foot.
I'd like to buy hot sauce.
They filed a complaint against the nearby factory.
The papaya is tasteless.
Have you only seen that movie one time?
We grabbed a zesty street-side caipirinha for a mere 5 reals (about 1).
I'm an hour late.
It is my decision.
Eating mangoes can help reduce risk of cancer.
I rechecked the data.
Age stones and fossils are accurately pasted by geologists by measuring the proportions of stable and radioactive chemical elements in a given coating called radiometric dating.
You cooked the dinner.
He works as a fireman.
you have to keep the commandments to be saved.
Only 39 left.
The dog chews on its toy.
You win.
kidney bean is more expensive.
Those tables on the left are broken!
I disagree.
They jogged for 4 minutes.
How much for apple?
The doctor advised her to eat string bean.
Hold my hand.
The ants won't bother you anymore.
Just cook it.
From 10:00 PM to 5:00 PM.
How many pieces of peanut butter?
There is no discount for the mangrove red snapper?
My mother takes three medicines every afternoon.
October thirteen is the date today.
What are we supposed to do?
The kittens drowned.
My nephew is looking for a small magenta sweater.
The crocodiles fool people into buying those amulets.
garlic is very expensive.
The pineapple is ripe.
He wanted to be a wildlife photographer.
See where I am going?
He needs to undergo operation on his right testicle.
I didn't eat anything yesterday.
Let's drive to the island.
The ginger is hot.
The sesame is cold.
There is a distance between us.
I'll accept it now that it is certain.
Pastor Anderson: So people will take that.
When he dresses like that, he means business.
They look nervous.
how much do ten soursoup cost?
The rival carabao won.
I'll run errands during the day, but that's about it.
She has a tumor.
Now that's simple enough.
I like to buy four big okras.
he may devour.
The tiger has one helmet.
Noon of October 20.
Noisy class.
Did you cook the rice?
Tom drives a yellow boat.
I ate a chocolate.
The radish is famous.
could use as the rapture that is before the.
The ant is a good player.
known as imminence.
She was dedicated in combating cyberbullying.
The rats were not lying.
Cow's milk can reduce blood pressure.
I will cook pork adobo.
She will eat mango to strengthen his bones.
It has been two hours ago since we called the ambulance.
The old city is surrounded by walls.
My sister is looking for a large brown watch.
The beetle sneaks up behind.
You will eat meat.
I won't make any profit if I sell this for 6.
what people are saying.
how much do forty starfruit cost?
Her mother asked her to go to China to consult a doctor.
The application of quantum mechanics in chemistry is called chemistry quartz.
How many pieces of fringescale sardinella?
They consulted a doctor in Italy.
Do not buy fake.
December 7 is Tuesday.
A separate system is described as a system that does not have any input of out-of-energy.
Egg is usually eaten during breakfast.
I will grill corn.
We will sell the brownies.
Is this fresh sesame?
It wasn't me.
Where is the eraser supposed to be located?
Those chairs on the right are broken!
They set fundraising targets for trips dependent on length.
Can you fry the tocino?
I want to sell three octopus.
I feel like I could live forever.
I got hit.
You will boil the egg.
The evil bears need to remove the magical bears.
Sipalay is a giant treasure trove of underwater attractions.
June 28th.
I don't like fried chicken.
Let me know when you are ready.
The termites ignored me.
Many students get possessed by evil.
My father is looking for a medium cyan bag.
A doctor will be able to help a person determine and treat the underlying cause.
Is there any discount for the chinese celery?
The rice is holy.
Tom never cooks on Sunday.
I believe that I can do this if you're always by my side.
how much is ten kilos of banana?
Contrary to how I feel, painful words come out.
The card cause another incident.
I want to buy a mustard.
I went to paradise.
Some minutes passed.
They said that the drug will come from Germany.
I live in Lebanon.
how much does a kilo of jackfruit cost?
how much do seventy turnip cost?
I folded the pillow before I left the room.
Will he come with us?
I want to cook breakfast.
The floor is wet again because of our daughter's mischief.
Pastor Jimenez: I used to believe in the pre-tribulation.
Speak faster.
He is on his way to Japan to consult a doctor.
how much does thousand cabbage cost?
I'm afraid you're too late.
Tom and I went to the same high school.
My niece is looking for large red shoes.
bitter gourd is very cheap.
We had everything before us.
how much do two sugar apple cost?
He needs anesthetic for the operation on his arms.
The evil spiders lose.
They can watch.
The spider beats the bad spirits.
The rats go to church every Sunday.
He plays games.
He does not need your money.
how much is six kilos of sesame?
Blood is the payment for the freedom of the country.
But what did I write down?
I didn't see her.
I'd like to buy chico.
I arrived too early.
I just sold cupcakes.
What time are we going to arrive there?
I should be drinking water right now.
The surgeon had faith in the success of the operation.
He said that the drug will come from Manila.
It is December 8 when.
The paper is stamped with a red seal.
My brother is looking for large yellow shorts.
I have now become quite calm, quite calm.
You try to use your hands to eat.
She won first place.
It finally dawned on me what Tom meant.
The first computer on the right is broken!
Yesterday is December 2.
This computer is loading very slowly.
I was tired today so I went to bed early.
There was an accident outside.
Kittingers record has been broken.
lima bean is the cheapest.
My grandmother takes eight medicines every morning.
Gray and Lyell sought a reconciliation of faith while Huxley painted a polarization between religion and science.
You are cooking rice.
Can i ask for a discount for the onions?
He was hospitalized in France.
You are boiling the egg.
What are you eating?
We cooked rice.
I got an old book.
We went biking last January 18.
We have not learned enough from science.
From where is this sea urchin?
Fatty food is bad for our health.
The bear kills a kitten.
Our clients are people too.
Her body will get stronger if she eats tomato.
how much do eighteen turnip cost?
I like to buy five small cottonfruits.
We spent our holiday exploring rural France.
If October 26 is Saturday,.
how much do five whale shark cost?
I had a healthy breakfast.
My grandmother takes three medicines every morning.
My nephew is looking for a medium cyan sweater.
My aunt is looking for a large orange sweater.
Nobody died.
We will lob you.
I want to sell one soursoup.
I can cook soup.
The fly wish the flies were in Boston now.
Your compliment is one of the nicest things anyone has said about me.
Do you prefer white rice or brown rice?
You can prepare duck.
Will I cook beef?
Another day, on my way out of my building, the elevator doors opened, and a neighbor emerged, announcing,.
I come in frequently.
We will ride the train tomorrow.
I don't like vegatables.
He said that this is good for your health.
He wrote on paper.
He said that the drug came from Japan.
Tom can see.
The lizard did see him.
Traveling abroad is very interesting.
She does drugs.
She will eat grape to strengthen his bones.
Portion sizes of dishes at expensive restaurants are too small.
how much do fourteen meat cost?
He put the box on the table.
Did you answer your homework?
You can fry smoked meat.
Where is the eggplant?
It's dangerous to swim in this lake.
Our foreheads are shinier.
Their legs ache.
If hunting turns you off, please dont let that keep you from visiting the Selous.
We are focusing on solar energy projects for commercial markets.
I had a big snacks.
This place has a mysterious atmosphere.
The tamarind is nutritious.
Book a location where you can stroll and chat.
Eat a fruit.
The apple is hot.
The vegetable was eaten by you.
I drive almost everyday.
I can't give this dictionary to anyone.
Take this food to our neighbors.
There is convenient store nearby.
Please prepare the viand.
Will you buy my fruits?
Most cockroaches wants to find new places.
They exercised for 5 minutes.
Gian will be drinking at eleven in the evening.
Is there any discount for the green bean?
There is no more milk.
Tom is coming to our school tomorrow.
Is this fresh tree cucumber?
Do not drive when you are drunk.
The training for the basketball team began.
How many pieces of coriander?
I do not like the food here, too salty.
You fried fish.
Brush your teeth now.
The bad turtle multiplies.
December 30 is Wednesday.
He eats guava for faster recovery.
I think she cried more tears than the rain.
Do you eat meat?
He/She entered a contest.
We are looking for a part-time tour guide.
My favorite vegetable is string bean.
He traveled all over the world.
I don't want to leave.
The economic informality is a dynamic process involving many aspects of economic and social theory including substitution, regulation and enforcement.
Festival will only last until October 21.
Why did you leave?
My father is looking for large black clothes.
He will go here on September 16.
Do you still have moonfish?
He started to hire people he liked to hang out with.
Does it have to be us who will be cooking for the celebration?
He's been camping in Keene for a week, looking for us.
how much is six kilos of luffa?
The cookies that we made taste bad.
The pies that you made taste good.
Can you lick your elbows?
I want to sell three sesame.
She ran last April 6.
Tomorrow will be September 24.
The customer seems pretty happy about it.
What do you want for main course?
By the time you get back, I'll be gone.
how much is four kilos of mango?
I like to buy ten big carrots.
My nephew is looking for small red shoes.
Tom just walked past me yesterday.
He admitted he had made a big mistake when he left her ten years ago.
The color of the car is purple.
We had hoped to go abroad this summer.
Charlie and Nala chased behind the car.
September seventeen is the date today.
Do we have an assignment to submit today?
He doesn't need your money.
My father goes jogging every morning.
Ouch! My finger got caught in the door.
He became sick because of the guava you gave.
Please cook pork.
My cousin is the best.
I got sick because of you.
The flies had no house to live in.
A circuit board consists of materials made of silicon.
My uncle is looking for a medium grey watch.
Can I cook adobo?
I think she is over forty years old.
They may leave tomorrow.
The meats will be eaten by you.
The bed sheet is so clean.
My sister is looking for medium cyan shorts.
You drank the liquors.
how much do eight shrimp cost?
See you later.
He assisted Robert Edmond Grant in his investigations into the anatomy and circulation of marine biopsy in the Firth of Forth and on 27 March 1827 Plinian presented his own discovery that the black spores found in oyster shells are skeletons eggs.
I prefer raw.
It has grown by a few centimeters.
Cook vegetables.
soursoup is getting more expensive.
There are many good doctors in France.
I'm taking a stand to escape what's inside me.
Do you eat veal?
Oxygen from the air dissolves in water.
They fought last December 1 because of money.
I can count on the sun shine.
The papaya is long.
You will cook soup.
The leaves have begun to change colors.
What do you mean he doesn't care for me?
They are created to be together.
Every dark night is followed by sunrise.
Payments can be credited to this account.
how much do eighteen onion cost?
She buys five drugs for her disease.
Is this how you'll teach Engineering?
The monkey told the dog that the monkey didn't think you'd be able to do that by yourself.
Do you want to buy pencils?
I wish the rainy season would end soon.
He said that the illegal drug will come from China.
A man sat directly opposite me, chewing on a rib as he stared at me.
Your foot's swelling might worsen.
He is visiting them.
My mother is looking for a small pink bag.
December 26 is Monday.
The female dog ate the cat.
(1 Thessalonians 4:17) Then we which are alive.
I have seen that movie twenty times.
My daughter takes thirteen medicines every evening.
She needs to undergo operation on her feet.
Some of the features are new to the horse.
You are all I need in my life.
If it's not yet December 26,.
They fought last November 23 because of money.
My name is Chris.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Tuvalu.
Dogs and cats are friends.
The least you could do is to answer me.
The crocodile do not think the dog and the cat are sure.
The food was tasty.
We did not want to forget our experience there.
She just sold meats.
He will eat guava to strengthen his immune system.
Her dentist is there.
The plan reinforced initiatives that had been implemented over the past five years.
The boy pretended he could read, but he was holding the book upside down.
how much does one million durian cost?
He will join us.
My aunt is looking for large violet clothes.
He will cook pork stew.
Tom seemed to be looking for something.
The earth is big.
The meat is tough.
You are grilling the tilapia.
Do you still have salt bread?
This is proof that I tried to study.
I got a couple of hash browns before heading to the office.
You will eat a brownie.
I'll treat you because I love you so much.
The strong dragonfly uses weapons.
They are on their way to my dentist.
When the ruble fell to half its valuation, people made a run on luxury goodsIKEA furniture, Jaguar sedans, Swarovski crystal.
How many pieces of mackerel tuna?
For a minute she gazed longingly at the mountain.
Can i ask for a discount for the silver fish?
He will come tomorrow.
My brother is looking for a small brown sweater.
Pour in vinegar and soy sauce.
My brother is looking for large white clothes.
I walked up the hill.
It is too bitter.
You will also give a meaningful pose to the pictures.
I'd like to buy spanner crab.
I won't come tomorrow.
The bay has more yachts than sailboats.
He takes nine drugs for his disease.
I think we can finish this.
I like to buy two small chili peppers.
September 2 is Wednesday.
Tom gorges himself whenever he eats at that restaurant.
Your worthless brother molested me.
They are sending him downstairs.
I want to go on a vacation next year in United Kingdom.
I did better earlier.
She haven't finished her breakfast yet.
The swans buy equipment.
I told you I don't know how to do that.
That's very nice.
I just want to see you do better.
Collaboration Not all mutual interactions between species involve friction.
My father should have been driving.
I like candlelight.
This job is driving me insane.
Using a coupon allows you to pay for less money when buying something.
Are they cooking adobo?
Her father asked her to go to France to consult a doctor.
Ants eat bread.
Can I eat this bread?
I like to buy two small soursops.
You can fry chicken.
The hibiscus is thick.
The storm prevented me from leaving.
My mother is looking for medium magenta shorts.
The snail do not want to fail my exams.
She?╟╓s been writing emails for 3 hours.
I am married.
Today is October 4.
Ester is okay.
It is too noisy outside.
This is quite a humbling experience to go to another country and see large numbers of peoples living differently, and coming to understand how large the crazy world actually is.
Have you finished reading the novel?
Please cook rice.
That is incorrect.
The monsters retaliate.
The bear can eat its arm.
The jellyfish is stuck.
You just chopped vegetables.
He sold his guitar last November 4.
I would like to change rooms.
The challenges are hard.
Tom makes more money than Mary does.
The watermelon is bland.
I am quitting my job and going to be a guitarist.
I like to buy two big gingers.
Which of the two of us is fatter?
I can stand.
We're going to be starting on Monday.
The mosquitoes won't permit you to do that here.
Our branch is at the corner of the city.
Can you accompany me to the gambling area?
I will study for the exam.
The whale usually do my shopping at this supermarket.
Can i ask for a discount for the philippine lime?
My sister is good in cooking breakfast.
look for his appearing.
My elder brother takes thirteen medicines every afternoon.
According to this book, I possess many of the qualities of that type of person.
Her children are asking her to go to Manila to consult a doctor.
Are you going to the nearest shopping mall later at 3:00 PM.
They borrowed his laptop for today's meeting.
Corn is color yellow.
Some seconds have already passed.
A fairly large number of local people had come.
the price of radish is getting more expensive.
Air in the province is much fresher than in metro.
He bit my hand.
She will need to undergo operation on her left breast.
Don't peek at other's answers.
Eating fruits and vegetables can reduce blood pressure.
how much is one kilo of garlic?
Winter comes earlier in North Europe.
He had an argument with that fatso.
Marie loves the beach.
I want to sell two guava.
It is going to be my year.
how much do six starfruit cost?
My uncle is looking for small brown pants.
Sir, if I could know the convocation dates.
The mushroom is big.
I am already used to his behavior.
The firefly's friends follow the firefly to the next building.
There are many types of nouns.
He did not change.
Two years ago, I travelled to Obihiro.
If it's not yet November 26,.
I live in Algeria.
My elder sister takes one medicine every morning.
They are inside the hospital.
I saw her a week ago today.
He is the spitting image of his father.
The spy made contact with the enemy.
Speakeasies popping on Nob Hill, everything old is new again.
Have you eaten dinner?
We would come with you.
The mosquitoes do not understand.
Where is the oyster?
The body of the dead pig is in the ground.
Afternoon of October 1.
He's spent every living minute just working hard.
Where?
Everyone in our class brought their own lunch.
Thirty-three.
10,000 pesos was debited to her account.
The one practicing is panting.
The lettuce is sticky.
He haven't finished his breakfast yet.
The chairs in the middle are broken.
We can be quiet.
Is this fresh fourfinger threadfin?
how much does one pork cost?
I wrote it on paper.
Speciation has been observed many times under controlled laboratory conditions and in nature.
He started early in the morning.
He assumed full responsibility for it.
All the passengers got seasick during the storm.
My wife cooks well.
The helicopter is hovering overhead.
He has been eating for thirty-nine hours at the next ATM.
how much is eight kilos of luffa?
The okra is green.
My mother is looking for a large pink pajama.
This drug is for your foot fracture.
There are rumors that he will resign.
Go here on December 18.
how much does one million whale shark cost?
I will come with you to the station.
The eighth seat is vacant.
She eats garlic to have beautiful skin.
Mushrooms make people taller.
All those computers on the right are broken.
Yes.I plan on moving in a month or so.
October two is the date today.
It's not the end.
She needs ice.
He will go here on October 16.
Some frogs use guns.
They ate chocolates.
According to science research the Universe is expanding.
December 12 will be Sunday because.
Did you bring junk food?
Is this fresh tilapia?
I made lunch for you.
Being practically connected to our social lives, either online or offline, we often forget how to live outside networking.
Tom had no choice but to support Mary.
I want to mail this letter.
She cooked supper.
Look outside!
No way.
You look so innocent.
My uncle is looking for large cyan pants.
Start of classes is near.
December 8 is Wednesday.
What is your date of birth?
Do not cry.
Will they cook adobo?
I am tired of making assigments.
He needs to undergo operation on his arm.
happen any moment Well.
His elbow hurts.
My report is due tomorrow.
Watch this.
It rained really hard last December 20.
It looks like those two have made up.
I went to the seashore.
December 29 is Thursday.
My mother is looking for a small magenta bag.
She will need to undergo operation on her kidney.
Do you still have giant freshwater prawn?
I haven't tried.
She is asking about your lung.
I have a pet dog.
Supervisors look at independent employees less favorably than cooperative employees.
A pig has just been killed.
You can drive our car.
It does what it says on the tin and offers a range of epic journeys in, across and around the USA.
Where is the chair supposed to be located?
Life is the most precious gift we have received from God.
I have one.
The strong frogs help the poor.
He will go here on November 21.
June seven is the date today.
That dog is a genius.
Can I borrow your room?
You did that once.
You just cooked breakfast.
The melon is bland.
I guess it's just me against the world.
The villain beetle dodges the attacks.
I want to buy less lima bean.
You made the shake.
I sometimes skate.
We were on the same train by chance.
Do you think I should throw this away?
Along came two young men on a motorbike, who let us use their cell phone.
The oat is ripe.
The trip will take about five hours.
She is giving him medicine.
There are many islands to be found in the Philippines.
I can see it in your eyes.
I work frequently.
It's more fun in Nauru.
I can cook breakfast.
Please cook pork stew.
They enjoyed themselves at the party.
He stayed with her family.
Is it true that father cannot drive?
I didn't know Tom could speak French.
He needed to undergo operation on his left hand.
We will be family.
This yogurt tastes strange.
Is this fresh silver fish?
My friend drives a nice car.
Do elephants live longer than humans?
Many went.
You are cooking dessert.
She will eat guava to strengthen his immune system.
For example, methylation of cytosine creates 5-methylcytosine that is absorbed for X-chromosome activation.
Please cook breakfast.
I was kicked out of my school.
how much does a million tamarind cost?
Reading and writing are some of the basic things you can learn in school.
A true friend is someone difficult to find.
They had established their business before 2002.
He needs to undergo operation on his hand.
I think I ate too much.
Why do you need 20 security guards for a business trip?
Do not ask me if I need you.
I thought I'd make supper.
They took a nap.
This is mid-January, 2015.
You were late, weren't you?
Benevolent condescension of the masses, leaving your lips in a tight smile.
The termite understand you.
Figure out the computations by yourself.
The starfruit is delicious.
There is no discount for the papaya?
Noon of September 27.
The rice is juicy.
What is important is I finish this.
The doctor advised me to rest my foot.
Tom doesn't eat dinner.
Tom ate dinner by himself.
how much does one malay apple cost?
Tom is the one who caused the accident.
According to scientists, the belief that man came from a woman and man called Adam and Eve is contrary to genetic evidence.
Where are the cloths?
He put a hand gently on her shoulder.
5 rings.
Rome was not built in a day.
The bear is happy.
You read the map.
Can I cook chicken stew?
She gave them blood tests.
Is this fresh hawaiian ladyfish?
You do not like this song.
Somehow, you also get miles and miles of city touching the sea.
I thought you would leave me.
Apples can sustain the amount of water in our body.
What kinds of meat dishes do you serve?
I need silence.
I like to buy two small chickens.
Look at Matthew 24:29.
My uncle is looking for a medium orange watch.
Now you need shoes but why?
He was as unique as his name.
My mother takes eight medicines every afternoon.
The once-white trim of the ceiling was cracked and the wallpaper pulled off at the edges.
Popularly known as a family friendly destination, Lapua offers everything to turn your holiday into a memorable one.
The tree is on fire.
My aunt is looking for large pink shorts.
The experiment confirmed his theory.
On average, French people are taller than Filipinos.
I gave you everything.
I did that once.
Their clothes are tight.
The corn is exceptional.
I want to sell a mustard.
I seldom speak to him.
The dog is afraid of the dark.
The watermelon is sticky.
September three is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
In Japan there are four seasons a year.
The mosquitoes do not need a reason.
I've just finished supper.
Let's cook lunch.
I did not think twice about going.
She said that the drug will come from Spain.
I can prepare the dish.
Where is the dipper?
The starfruit is healthy.
He failed to come yesterday.
My niece is looking for a medium yellow bag.
I heard Tom snoring during the class.
Are you frying pork?
I was lying.
He was watching TV when I got home.
I wish tomorrow will be October 13.
The printer broke.
I will pass the paper.
She was delegated by our superior to handle dealings with other firms.
The nut is elusive.
I don?╟╓t like it.
September 6 will be Sunday because.
From where is this sea grape seaweed?
Why not tell us?
Where is the flour?
The coconut is cold.
She will eat milk for faster recovery.
I remember where we first kissed.
How much for mangrove king crab?
They gained weight due to their stay in the United States.
His nails are long.
January twenty-six is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Does Tuesday work for you?
It has been nineteen years since I have wallet.
The rich and the poor separated at dinner.
They weighed me.
The third computer on the right is broken!
He will go with us.
The starfruit is bitter.
The bear knows how to play.
Her mother is asking her to go to the United States to consult a doctor.
We can watch.
Today is Independence Day.
Tom divorced his second wife last year.
How much for trevally fish?
He said that the illegal drug came from France.
She will live a short life.
It was up to the congress to legalize ridesharing.
pork is more expensive.
They are leaving the pharmacy.
I flashed a smile, looking at people for a reaction.
I'm sorry, I fell asleep.
how much do nine legumes cost?
The baby deer is powerful enough to cause damage.
He is one of my major musical influences.
The grape is illegal.
I can drive.
The nut is nutritious.
Morning of December 30.
Water is important to every human.
Make your life worthwhile.
We are strict with time.
I cannot believe I passed.
Is it October already?
He ate a cupcake.
We are grilling the corn.
Her life is fine.
Let's all think about it.
The goat is in the library.
I had a good holiday.
She was prescribed two drugs.
the rapture is not even mentioned in the book.
Some birds like to fly.
You aren't late.
Last wednesday, they bought mango from the store.
The lucky pig faints.
He will cook vegetables.
Different biological techniques create information about pilohenya.
i end up alone after everything.
My grandfather takes seven medicines every afternoon.
The school was built last year.
Arthropoda 1,000,000+ types.
He consumed all the potatoes.
When did you start wearing contacts?
I like to buy four small sweet potatoes.
She just cooked dinner.
He stopped at 3rd grade.
Take a bath.
Did you already eat the fish?
You look just like your older brother.
You are making cheeses.
I'm going to study biology and Spanish.
How much for bream?
People swim in the waterfall.
I'll swim with Tom tomorrow.
He has infection in his right shoulder.
That second chair on the left is broken.
Tomorrow we will celebrate my grandchild's birthday.
Anybody interested in interactive music should look at what James did more than 15 years ago.
You are eating the cheap meats.
The eggplant is thick.
My brother is looking for a medium green pajama.
The mosquitoes refused to admit they were wrong.
Tomorrow will be September 21.
I'm honest.
He has pain in his right shoulder.
The restroom was closed for maintenance.
Can you fry the egg?
Is there a bath soap?
Thank you so much.
I lived constantly on the defensive.
The owl also heard a similar story.
He boiled the beef.
The evil spirits are working together.
Wow!
I'd never go back to eating meat.
The dog ate dust.
I want just a degree.
How long is the stopover in Bulacan?
She was wearing a pink dress and an orange hat!
You take the 6th bus to Bangalore and then the 10th to England.
That big game hunting actually helps protect wildlife.
The weird bird infiltrate the base.
He is nervous.
Are the chairs on the left broken?
He boiled sweet potatoes.
8th day of July.
I cannot see the stars in the sky.
It feels like it's so hard to focus in school this time.
I do not talk to strangers.
It will be thrown away by the girl.
Her forehead is shiny.
He ate a chocolate.
The food are expensive compared to the Philippines.
I am studying medicine.
He wrote it on the blackboard.
He wrote a book on porcelain.
The squid went inside to drink coffee.
All animals have many cells.
My neighbor is excited to travel.
He came here before noon.
He said that the doctor came from China.
We just came back from the rehearsal.
December 30 is Tuesday.
They will grind the peppers.
The garlic is reserved.
Let's go home.
Making the documentary has taught me so much about the lives of the people in the suburbs.
Tom is going to be back here soon.
My aunt is looking for a medium brown sweater.
My father is looking for a large red pajama.
What can he do out there right now that he couldn't do a month and a half from now.
Filipinos are so hard-headed.
Would I lose?
Can you accompany me to the restroom?
A Styrofoam cooler and a bag of ice.
Let us try it.
I need to change clothes.
She hurt her elbow when she fell down.
November 2 is the day of his death.
We passed by Little India while we were in Kuala Lumpur.
It is December 27 when.
You have until Monday.
Her mother is asking her to go to the United States to consult a doctor.
Where is my phone?
It took two broken legs to get me up on my feet.
The mustard is raw.
February two is the date today.
On exactly the date of the dream 13 years later he was shot.
The researchers researhced.
We fried potatoes.
Stop eating.
day when Jesus Christ comes in the clouds.
I'll be glad to come.
My niece is looking for a medium grey bag.
They went back last March 17.
Uncle just finished cooking.
Where are you from?
Do not do unto others what you don?╟╓t want others to do on to you.
The first Asian Socialist Conference was held on Rangoon, Burma on 1953.
We played games.
She said that the drug came from Italy.
There will be a parade on April 30, 6:30 pm.
The bear moves differently.
I ate too much.
How much for soursop?
They had a good time in the pool last week, too.
Is this fresh lettuce?
I am sorry.
The drug will come from Italy.
He will fry milkfish.
Train yourself.
My father is looking for a small violet shirt.
The cupcakes are being eaten by you.
onion is very expensive.
If it's not yet December 15,.
Am I the only one here who doesn't like spicy food?
He will write a book until November 17.
I want to sell four octopus.
Let me know when he comes.
This is my room.
By the time I retire I will have been working here for 45 years!
The ant cannot beat the enemy.
War is a duty.
The dried fish is so salty.
This drink has ice.
How do I use this?
How much for silver fish?
The owl didn't vote for tom.
He sold his guitar last September 10.
You will steam rice.
There are five ways to get to the library.
I do not have a cigarette anymore.
Festival will only last until October 4.
The deer can battle five people.
I don't want to go to crowded places.
It's north of here.
I arrived there too early.
Amargoso is bitter.
The soursop is big.
I have canned goods.
She is boiling egg.
He will write a book until September 26.
The worm do not wear shoes in my house.
The bitter gourd is rare.
My father is looking for a large blue watch.
She is not here at this moment.
I'll be here tomorrow.
I'll find out tomorrow.
believers are caught up.
The bitter gourd is bitter.
What were the defenders doing when Kenneth struck the ball?
Afternoon of October 16.
Do you still have mango?
how much do four bitter gourd cost?
Let me borrow your pencil and eraser.
She will join us.
Today is September 3.
He said that the doctor will come from China.
I'd like to join a night bus tour.
You're home early.
We ate cupcakes.
Fortunately, only aphids can be found in the plant.
Genetic information on the genome is stored within the genes and the complete set of this information in an organism is called genotype.
Many of the bulls are lost.
I live in Niger.
Is the second table in the middle is broken?
This is my moment, not yours.
We are riding an ambulance.
The corn is costly.
how much is two kilos of pork?
I did not hit her.
Festival will only last until October 12.
how much does a billion melon cost?
From where is this cornstarch?
The third table is broken.
The lizards have the horse.
Today is December 2.
I need some water.
The sweet potato is weird.
What would you like to drink with your meal?
He made a will last year.
Did it rain last October 27.
She was listening to her favorite singer while she was coding.
I'm eating.
You sold the buko pies.
How far is it to the library from here?
are you selling apple?
My sister is looking for a large red pajama.
It rained really hard last December 10.
The cow belongs to the farmer.
The blackberry is black.
You must come here tomorrow.
Do you have a problem with this?
This first chair is broken!
We already have a kilo of rice to cook.
The hibiscus is holy.
My brother is looking for a medium yellow sweater.
The lettuce is dusty.
You cooked adobo.
There are four mechanisms for speciation.
Look, I said.
Did you watch Probinsyano last night?
The bear is inverted.
The jasmine is blue.
March ten is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
I like curry rice.
Do you feel that?
Chicharon is fried pig skin.
The ant beats the enemy.
Give me a drink.
The chili is effective.
He waved.
Beauty in the outside can't be forecast what you are but the truth inside you.
This is not because it is hot here but because it is very cold here especially once the temperature drops when christmas is near.
He will write a book until November 22.
how much do three worm cost?
Is it raining outside?
March twenty-six is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
The corn is thick.
The dog really wants to play volleyball.
I want to buy two guava.
I count sheep.
Even just a little maturity will help.
The watermelon is green.
Tom worked all morning.
Such irreversible genetics, though genetically related, may be present in both regions and thus closing the ring.
Her parents are asking her to go to Spain to consult a doctor.
He promised not to tell anyone about our secret.
I should be drinking coffee.
Does anybody want to get some dinner?
I wrote this song.
How old are you? "Sixteen years old".
The scorpion showed him my room.
Just keep thinking!
We drank her pills.
Did it rain there?
My father takes thirteen medicines every evening.
You can only invent stories, not an inverter.
That fish has many friends.
The mosquitoes hate you.
I like to buy two big pineapples.
You will drink liquors.
I drank liquors.
He eats onion to strengthen his bones.
My mother is looking for large white clothes.
I'd like to buy moringa.
She's distributing Bon Chon coupons.
He eats onion to lose weight.
She listened to their dentist.
We are always ready in the test.
Are you going to the next toilet later at 8:00 AM.
Tom promised he'd never be late again.
I sincerely think that she is not qualified for the job.
You can't count on him.
I live in Singapore.
There is no discount for the fusilier?
thing.
The flies are spraying the fruit trees.
The mosquitoes sell eggs at the supermarket.
how much is nine kilos of bottle gourd?
My favorite color is red.
The evil bears return home.
A lot of men would go head over heels for women who are rich.
The cupcake is being eaten by you.
The lion trained harder than before.
how much do two black plum cost?
They are giving them food.
The owls did not clap for us.
She has a long time to live.
Let?╟╓s meet on October 1.
She is still at the hospital.
September 21 will be Sunday because.
I ate lunch in a hurry.
May the Almighty Father guide you in your journey.
Is there any discount for the pineapple?
I lost my key somewhere around here.
My niece is looking for a small violet shirt.
Many elephants auditioned.
Fry beef.
Yesterday is November 21.
She became sick because of the squash you gave.
From where is this lanzones?
They said that the illegal drug will come from Japan.
He had a lot on his plate right now.
The tamarind is ugly.
My mother is looking for small grey shorts.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Belize.
Dad always told me not to cry when I am down.
Did it rain last December 28.
I want to eat squid.
The crocodile ran across an old friend in the street.
It's too noisy here.
Our aunt is good in cooking dinner.
My grandfather takes ten medicines every afternoon.
I would like to come here again and this only proves that there are hidden gems in the Philippines.
The apple is delicious.
You are selling the cupcakes.
Does your brother live in Australia?
He is eating dinner.
plenty of time he repeated.
they ducked every time a ball flew past.
Noon of October 11.
how much do fourteen squid cost?
We'll meet up with Tom later.
I was pricked by a needle.
I am steaming rice.
However, not all scientists have accepted the authenticity of these seeds.
How many pieces of spiny lobster?
The apple is whole.
I live in this hotel.
He has tumor in his elbow.
Dogs have intestines.
between prehistoric Southeast Asian societies.
You are not talking.
At 11:00 AM, there are forty-three bus leave at the train station.
Her tongue hurts.
The middle table in the middle is broken!
She has swelling in her elbow.
The third chair is broken.
The development of forensic science and the current ability to obtain genetic matching of small samples of blood, skin, saliva or life leads to re-investigation of cases.
Today is December 30.
My uncle is looking for large green shoes.
The mosquitoes chartered a bus for the firm's outing.
I was very busy yesterday.
April twenty-seven is the date today.
Can we talk for a bit?
If it's not yet September 11,.
Who was that you were just talking to?
Add up the receipts for each month and classify them by type.
The rats came in.
The seagulls treat their children like garbage.
My father is looking for small blue shorts.
Why did you change your mind?
He wants to go to the clinic.
He is feeling hot.
What's your favorite perfume?
My eyes hurt.
Activities are on hiatus right before a test.
The rival puppy's team is leading.
You are sauteing vegetables and meats.
Open your book to page five.
This student's books are new.
A pipe had burst and we spent the night with an inch of water covering the floor.
She advised me not to buy a used car but I didn't follow her advice.
I want to sell less guava.
Let me sleep for another ten minutes.
He cloaks his wickedness under a smiling face.
Thomas Edison signs his last patent application.
We could all be dead tomorrow.
His family visited him.
Please cook adobo.
Tell me when you'd like to order.
My niece is looking for large black clothes.
The rice is nutritious.
September 3 is the day of his death.
Why is Tom late?
I want to buy less rambutan.
It?≥s time to fight back.
I will go with you.
Is September 29 Friday.
My nephew is looking for small cyan shoes.
she woke in the morning to start cooking rice.
The food in the plane was delicious and plenty.
The cherry is red.
5000 liters of water.
Tom will have breakfast early tomorrow.
The spider uses a water spirit.
The evil ants lose.
Where should the copy be located?
He built.
How do you say "thank you" in Japanese?
I can?╟╓t see anything on the street.It?╟╓s too foggy.
Their uncle is good in cooking dinner.
Did it rain last September 18.
Sir, can I ask for some fish sauce?
5 years we've searched.
Today is December 22.
September 25 is Wednesday.
Tomorrow will be October 28.
Throwing hurts others.
On the other hand, a different happiness is felt when a long planned trip pushes through.
The jasmine is raw.
?? cup water.
An American spoke to me at the station.
We'll deal with them later.
I want to sell one orange.
I want to buy one pineapple.
The eagles lugged the refrigerator up the stairs.
He will cook pork adobo.
how much do nineteen mango cost?
My niece is looking for small magenta pants.
December 10 is Monday.
how much do five tamarind cost?
The jackfruit is beautiful.
How was your day?
how much do six ginger cost?
We had a pleasant evening.
Hes a beautiful kid.
Did my aunt let you drive her car?
My brother is looking for a small grey pajama.
The rat have to get in touch with the dog.
People on those sites usually speak a bit of English, which helps a lot.
Where is the sapodilla?
His car is old.
Wait a minute!
The rose is soft.
My niece is looking for a large magenta pajama.
They are taking her blood pressure.
The mango is elusive.
The bull is lucky to be alive.
Chemical reactions that are responsible for its structure and function are adjusted to generate energy from the substances that it serves as food and alter them to help build new cells and supply them.
Stay safe.
We are astounded at how one man, in one lifetime, can serve so many so well.
The okra is white.
The coconut is slippery.
What do you call this animal in French?
The hibiscus is small.
I cannot see.
How many pieces of sweet potato?
Well, what happened to her?
The squid haven't tried.
The dragonfly's body splits into two.
She just sold buko pies.
to the image reader.
She said that the illegal drug is coming from England.
Morning of September 7.
How many pieces of star anise?
Her doctor is ready.
Give me a little.
The first computer on the left is broken!
Oh shucks!
Will you attend class later tonight?
What time do you usually go to bed?
I sold the meats.
You will get sick if you come near.
how much do eighty malay apple cost?
Show your skills to all of them.
Follow my advice.
Why do I need to learn this?
Please open your books to the sixth page.
I had an early lunch.
How many pieces of chicken?
worm is more expensive.
They are bringing this.
I go to the dentist's every other day.
Where is this gate?
Things got worse.
They are leaving on Tuesday.
are you buying manila bean?
If you don't end your week with a smile, perhaps you're doing it wrong.
How much for grouper?
Let's go now.
Cover to simmer for 15 minutes.
You can fry pork.
The monkeys would ask you about the party.
You ate the brownies.
I do not salty food.
She will study.
The fifth chair is vacant.
He seems to be lying.
Rafaela is a patient.
Which of you knows this?
The cheap meats will be eaten by you.
Saliva is vital to oral health.
You, on the other hand, can literally spin around the world.
You are steaming rice.
Have you got this in another size?
How much is the sugarcane?
Hold the ball in both hands.
Where can I buy sunscreen?
He called the doctor.
My brother is looking for large black shorts.
Spread love.
The snails escaped.
Tom has already eaten.
I want to sell less whale shark.
We complained about the poor service.
Vegetables are nutritious.
Do your homework right now.
Go here on December 25.
He will sell his guitar on September 15.
November 14 will be Sunday because.
No, we will pass.
Ducks can handle ice.
The owl wrote a song for you.
It will be November 21 next week.
He had barely enough to eat.
I want to sell less mustard.
He sold his guitar last November 12.
The cabbage is cold.
Do you know how to do this?
I cannot tell you.
He hates the uncomfortable environment.
It's probably out of hunger.
I didn't get it.
Our uniforms are very dirty.
Our aunt is good in cooking breakfast.
Your body will get stronger if you eat milk.
My shoes are already small for me.
There were no clouds today.
The pepper is strange.
This can be seen by inheritance of DNA in the ancestor of the descendants of this organism.
The hen cannot believe the letter.
Will you come with me?
The lice work as a salesman.
November seven is the date today.
I wanna grow up once again.
It rained during the night.
That's what I like to hear.
The blackberry is prohibited.
Water is essential for training.
The puppy steals the ball.
And to get to the second and third falls you need to walk fifteen minutes.
I'm an early riser.
He is cooking rice.
The call to study animals is zoology.
The middle chair on the right is broken.
You owe me.
Second Tuesday is on August 8.
They ate an apple.
I just sold meats.
I should have drunk milk!
It is September 18 when.
How many pieces of goldlined spinefoot?
It's more fun inGuinea-Bissau.
It has been twenty years since I have honey.
October 21 is Wednesday.
But happy people dont focus on this.
The whale walked quickly so that the whale might catch the first train.
Is that third computer on the left is broken?
December 6 is the day of his death.
You are boiling the beef.
We must take good care of ourselves.
I am driving the bus.
You are alone.
She is just an ordinary girl with an exraordinary story.
I want to buy two whale shark.
The camels say that his uncle worked for them.
He came to my office yesterday.
He will live a long life.
I'm not ready yet.
Drugs kill.
I can cook breakfast.
The wolf will be with you in a few minutes.
It is my job.
Stay with us tonight.
Keep on wrapping!
I answer all questions.
Tom can't tie his shoelaces by himself.
I got a fish bone stuck in my throat.
Will you be here this coming Sunday?
This lemonade tastes bland.
Lapu Lapu was the Datu of Mactan Island at that time.
I am right!
My father is looking for small yellow shoes.
I usually walk to school.
Is she coming with you?
I like summer the best.
Has she ridden a bike before?
My sister is looking for a medium blue watch.
He whispered something to her.
At 1:00 AM, there are thirty-six undershirt at the city centre.
Do you have change?
I'd like to buy hot dog.
We are slow in studying.
Some people do not take mental health seriously.
Get double portions.
The crickets didn't find her.
They routinely have to make vital decisions for multiple patients at a time.
They know he will live.
I ate supper at eight.
Hawthorn Flies The fly hawthorn Rhagoletis pomonella also known as the maggot fly undergoes a sympatric speciation.
My uncle is looking for a large yellow bag.
There are twenty four hours in a day.
The evil bears have a secret weapon.
She will cook chicken.
I sincerely hope not.
The old alignment is not much used by today's experts, the Vertebrata and Invertebrates.
Can I fry the hotdog?
I want to disappear.
The moonlight reflected on the lake.
But nothing was different when she woke in his arms hours later.
The pig will attend classes in the special school.
November 4 is Monday.
It may be that as a non-paying guest, I put them in an awkward position.
onion is getting more expensive.
My elder brother takes six medicines every evening.
My daughter takes seven medicines every evening.
Mary said she had already seen this film.
The cricket think it's time for me to give up on this relationship.
They are leaving on Saturday.
He lost his money last November 29.
My grandmother takes three medicines every evening.
You sold fruits.
how much is five kilos of jackfruit?
Brother do you have change?
The mung bean is juicy.
Wash surfaces and floors using this spray gun.
The avocado is new.
I skipped my breakfast.
Where are the parts of the car?
One of the most consumed beverages throughout the United States and Europe is milk.
His father is good in cooking dinner.
I'd like to buy red bigeye fish.
We need a second opinion.
Where is the snapper?
They play football.
My aunt is looking for a small brown sweater.
The magnolia is rare.
I can count and read.
I am your father.
Tomorrow will be November 29.
Roasted pig is delicious!
See you tonight.
Will you cook adobo?
My sister is looking for a small cyan watch.
The rice is tasteless.
The star apple is weird.
I got these a week ago.
The lychee is bent.
There were lots of animals.
You will be playing soccer this weekend.
My sister is looking for medium orange shoes.
I really can't be late.
The entrepreneur must always dress in an appealing manner.
The pen I lost yesterday was a new one.
There was a queen with a plain face.
Prepare the table for our dinner.
how much do ten mustard cost?
Ten minutes later Sonya came to Marya Dmitrievna.
She cooked dessert.
My sister is looking for a medium orange sweater.
The most common in animals are the allopathic speciation that occurs in populations beginning to be geographically separated as habitat or migratory pragmentation.
Can I go home together with my best friend?
I didn't realise we were late.
All is wrong.
The tenth chair is vacant.
My mother is looking for a medium orange pajama.
Today is October 25.
The food is not enough.
That fifth chair on the left is broken!
It can be used in studies ranging from ecologically genetic to anthropology.
April eleven is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
She stayed with their families.
Can I fry smoked meat?
He's already left.
Sugar and salt.
I will cook the breakfast.
My nephew is looking for large green pants.
how much is one kilo of fish?
The cat is the king of our country.
She is taking his blood pressure.
He put away the wallet secretly.
Please excuse me for being rude.
Did you bring a soap?
He told me he hadn't done his homework, but he was hoping to finish it on the bus.
She cared for him.
November 15 is Tuesday.
He will consult a doctor in Manila.
Today is my daughter's birthday.
You may now leave.
Tom and I ate together.
Where should the chalks be kept?
I want to hear his voice.
She got her disease in Italy.
I don't mind even if she doesn't come.
How much for chinese cabbage?
The apple is dead.
Here is my calculator, take it.
Their brains will fetch a handsome price.
The chili is shiny.
The mango is fresh.
Tom got Mary to cook dinner.
i never go out with someone.
I like to buy eight big cucumbers.
Drinking water helps your body make saliva.
One of the suggestions is the existence of lifeforms that use arsenic instead of phosphorus in DNA.
Did you come with me yesterday?
He will need to undergo operation on his left foot.
400 grains of rice.
My aunt is looking for small brown shoes.
The buko pies will be eaten by them.
I am tired already.
Bless you.
Eat and drink.
Everyone should bring their own breakfast.
You have been ground peppers.
Choose the more profitable option.
I never get tired of eating.
The killer sheep will kill the head sheep.
Where can I find the grocery store?
Hurry up! You should be ready by now.
She was prescribed medicines for her kidney disease.
She acknowledged having made a mistake.
The second path called spine Krebs or acidic citric acid occurs within the mitochondria and can generate enough ATP to operate all the functions of a cell.
We are so noisy if our teacher is not around.
Nobody will believe that rumor.
You are really kind.
They said that the drug came from Germany.
Those chairs on the right are broken.
Tom says he has never tried eating whale meat.
The jackfruit is ripe.
In a few more days they would all part away from the company anyway.
Dogs like to bark.
Finish your most difficult task first thing in the morning.
The second bull had a soft performance.
From where is this flounder?
People say that death is like a visitor.
Green sauce on my $300 shoes!
Tom chased after Mary.
The road is wide.
Have you washed your face?
I want to know how it looks.
The sun did not shine.
i rarely back something up.
She will cook beef.
They stayed up late talking.
The chamomile is ripe.
One of the chicks died playing volleyball.
I want to buy one shark.
I am not fond of animals except for dogs.
Shrimp has many legs.
You can fry fish.
The frog still wants to be an exorcist.
The cat is eating cream.
New equipment was bought for my room.
when the old man drew near.
That second computer on the left is broken!
No classes.
He jogged for 5 minutes.
He acknowledged me by raising his hat.
I will call my cousin later.
The police is chasing him.
Where should the chair be located?
how much is ten kilos of pork?
I have banana.
Where do you usually eat?
She eats star apple for faster recovery.
Her hope is to become a doctor.
We swam last March 26.
I want to try scuba diving.
How did you get ink all over your skirt?
Where is the terapon fish?
The stream tomorrow would probably be earlier than usual.
The lice waited.
You're an hour early.
The orchid is cold.
He has been sold meats.
Andito ako ate sa Mcdo anong gusto mo na itake out ko na pagkain sayo?
He sold his guitar last September 18.
how much does one fish cost?
Speak more slowly, please!
Are you all lost?
I?╟╓d like to buy guava.
Noon of November 15.
Can i ask for a discount for the crimson snapper?
We are running out of potential clients.
Not yet!
Answer: A misconception that people are evolving from current living monkeys.
The chef is the best in town.
I like to buy six big avocados.
Larry joined our campaign for youth employment.
The snake wanted to marry the coach.
Each elephant went to a different school.
We approached the medic.
She cooked him meals.
Ginataan has white broth.
Many t-shirts have been sold in Sagada.
You don't have to go to school today.
pineapple is getting more expensive.
Universal biochemical organization All known binding organisms are based on a fundamental or fundamental biochemical organization.
You can prepare the ingredients of the dish.
It is November 3 when.
The bull asked the master to become his coach.
They are leaving her food.
He was supposed to drink milk earlier!
how much do fourteen milkfish cost?
She stopped at fourth grade.
My left leg is numb.
I need to be attended to.
How much for dolphinfish?
The doctor advised him to eat watermelon.
Tom and Mary quarrel almost every day.
I think we are wrong.
The bank rarely ever sends any confirmations.
My laptop is dying and I will lose all my unsaved work.
It is hot outside.
They need to consult a doctor in Greece.
Can i ask for a discount for the rabbitfish?
The bear ran after me.
They ate salty food.
I'm happy.
She will eat onion to strengthen his bones.
His body will get stronger if he eats string bean.
He couldn't understand the sentence.
How much for fish?
My elder brother takes six medicines every afternoon.
How much are the mung bean sprouts?
I will go to the market now to buy some fish.
They need to consult a doctor in Germany.
What does it say?
She smiled at the sight of her mother.
My nephew is looking for large green clothes.
She will boil sweet potatoes.
I don't want to spend more than $10.
It is only a dream.
I left home early.
There are many rivers on that island.
My favorite meal is Adobo.
He eats eggplant for faster recovery.
The mosquitoes all sat.
Tom is not able to drive a boat.
If it's not yet November 30,.
She needs to undergo operation on her ears.
Tell me why you were absent from school yesterday.
Her hospital is clean.
I want to sell one pineapple.
I cut your cheese.
She always takes five drugs for her disease.
My nephew is looking for large brown shoes.
August seven is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
What would you like to drink?
You should've told me a long time ago.
I can cook chicken stew.
Who talked?
I hope you will forgive me for all the things I have done.
We boiled the pork.
What do you think of Thai food?
He went out to eat.
We should not be wasting our time.
The cats agreed to take down the generation of miracles.
Where is the endeavor prawn?
The cherry is long.
The cabbage is different.
The strawberry is long.
Where is boarding terminal 34?
How much for yellowtail scad?
You cooked the breakfast.
I've got half an hour.
Let?╟╓s meet on December 23.
They are sending him upstairs.
In nature, these proteins protects bacteria against phage infections by digesting phage DNA when it enters the bacterial cell that acts as part of the restrictive restriction system.
I hope I'm not disturbing you.
Junk food is not healthy.
i never hang on to something ill regret.
how much does a hundred wax gourd cost?
I am very studious.
You do not know how to defend me.
Is there any discount for the turnip?
Some live in the ocean or in fresh water, but others live in plants or animals.
Are you willing to sacrifice yourself for the country?
You're running a fever.
I came early so I could get a good seat.
Thirteen other senators voted in favor of his motion.
They were hospitalized in Italy.
My brother takes good care of his belongings.
The stores wont let them use their restrooms.
He sold his guitar last November 27.
They do not need your understanding.
Even if you're busy, make sure to eat three meals a day.
In 1939, Pauling co-authored his published seminal textbook titled The Nature of the Molecular Bond.
Marinate the beef for one day.
We eat early.
How many times this week did you eat at your favorite restaurant?
We must not speak in the library.
Tom took Friday off.
He will pay you, too.
The liquors are being drank by them.
Liquor tastes bitter.
That is not necessary.
He ate sushi for lunch.
If I had time, I would study French.
The pineapple is still raw and very sour.
The ginger is healthy.
He will not be back tomorrow.
During the match.
It is finished.
My TV broke, so I had to take it for repair.
Start now.
Where is the brocolli?
She needs medicine for her elbows.
June 18th.
how much are this?
Your destination will be on the left.
There are plenty of fish in this river.
Tom spoke urgently.
She entered the clinic.
Cassava can be used for many snacks.
Is there any discount for the avocado?
What time will you go home?
Many believe that the shrimp cannot do it.
The student studied.
You won't be in time for school.
Older claims have been made that the most known one is the separation of living bacterium from salt crystals that are about 250 million years old but these claims are controversial.
The mosquitoes recommend that the image should be stored.
You are eating the buko pies.
When I arrived, I saw them watching TV, so I went straight to the kitchen and get some food.
The cat fought in the war ten years ago.
My favorite color is the color green.
7000 liters of water.
The termite lost an earring.
Chicks feel obliged to play volleyball.
My sister is looking for a medium orange bag.
How much for chinese cabbage?
She has infection in her right arm.
What time is breakfast?
Is the wind strong?
The purple yam is bent.
She will boil the egg.
She talked to reporters in a press briefing.
Rules are rules.
You should have come earlier.
Wallace remained supportive, though he increasingly turned to Spiritualism.
She has pain in her left ear.
The fan is a machine!
The avocado is fragrant.
A lot of the kittens are planning their escape.
I can't eat pork.
All these chairs are broken!
Fry hotdog.
We eat early.
Recently, I don't have much appetite.
My uncle is looking for small blue clothes.
My mother is looking for a small violet sweater.
Can you fry the tocino?
Are there any foods that you wouldn't eat as a child that you eat now?
There is no discount for the mullet fish?
Don't stay too late.
Could you reduce the price a little?
Sixty five students.
She had time to pose for a magazine last week.
how much do five onion cost?
Is there any discount for the coconut husk?
Is this fresh grapes?
I read the book from cover to cover.
Honesty is the best policy.
The sweet potato is brown.
There is no discount for the spotted scat?
December thirty is the date today.
My favorite color is blue.
It may get into the eyes, nose, and instruments.
I've lost my dignity.
It is expensive.
how much do nine octopus cost?
I love my dog.
The professor will teach the next lesson tomorrow.
Please indulge our request.
It is December 3 when.
And would you now like to look round my place?
They played tennis.
The flies say that in America anyone can become president.
The moringga is slippery.
I'm late for an appointment.
Tomorrow will be December 3.
At 7:30 PM, there are twenty strawberries at the next bus station.
Ed will not drink.
I will go in on Wednesday.
I will not finish my homework in time for class.
Plants are harvested.
Do you smoke?
There's also pancit canton being sold in Heets.
Drink some tea.
One woman wore a non-brand navy tracksuit and a cap positioned firmly on her head, with two pigtails poking out the back.
They broke his hand.
How did you come to know her?
The next morning she paused at her door when she heard Yancey talking to someone.
This means that we will entertain all your inquiries.
It's always darkest before the dawn.
I am smoking cigarettes today.
Is October 10 Friday.
She still cannot concentrate.
The lychee is cold.
about when the sun and moon are darkened (when.
We need to advertise our new product.
She has infection in her ear.
I like to buy three big soursops.
How many pieces of snail?
My sister is looking for large cyan shorts.
Good day sir, how may I help you?
I don't want to die tomorrow.
29th day of August.
The taro is destroyed.
You will grind peppers.
I like to buy four big corns.
Where is the broom?
I will miss you.
May twelve is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
The kitten get chosen.
The dog opened a box of chocolates.
You boiled the beef.
Anyway we can pay for it.
They left her food.
She said that the doctor came from Manila.
How was your holiday?
First, is that my problems in the West are not real problems.
She called for a second referendum.
The bus was scheduled to arrive in an hour.
My aunt is looking for a medium pink bag.
He will boil beef.
If October 17 is Saturday,.
the price of apple is getting more expensive.
In truth, I am right.
Return immediately.
I'll be seeing Tom this evening.
He deliberately kept on provoking a confrontation.
He can stand.
Should I start with the book excerpts now?
There.
Please fry smoked fish.
I?╟╓d like to buy lima beans.
I feel a little cold.
The second seat is vacant.
Her mother asked her to go to Egypt to consult a doctor.
Is the door open?
September twenty-eight is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Just keep slicing!
I like to play the piano.
Don't be too confident in the things you have right now.
1st day of May.
That was only a year ago.
Where is my bow?
Who will report today?
Can I but the tuna?
Parisian love in the era of Facebook.
The tamarind is green.
Will you cook dinner?
Drink beer.
Our breakfast for tomorrow is fried chicken and fried rice.
The cabbage is unripe.
Am I frying hotdog?
Wrap the lumpia.
My apartment is on the second floor.
She is in the hospital because of her elbows.
Now some people think that Revelation is not.
The cat is playing with a knife.
I wish tomorrow will be September 4.
Can you wake me up at 7:00 tomorrow?
My wife doesn't know how to drive.
It's more fun in Moldova.
You have drunk water already.
My uncle is looking for small green shoes.
I want to travel every corner of the whole world.
Pastor Anderson: It has nothing to do with.
I went to school already.
My father takes two medicines every morning.
Can i ask for a discount for the smaller pink-speckled squid?
how much do seven ginger cost?
You will know me well enough.
The oat is effective.
I want to buy five pork.
I don't know why he quit the company.
Drink this juice.
I just cooked breakfast.
My uncle is looking for large grey shorts.
The oregano is shiny.
Tom and Mary got married last spring.
I'd like to buy freshwater sardinella.
I am able to drive a boat.
Will someone be here next Saturday?
Can I use your soap?
My grandfather takes seven medicines every morning.
I have lots of work to do tomorrow.
My favorite color is white.
how much does a billion milkfish cost?
It's too simple.
I want pineapple in my food.
They are frying fish.
She fried a chicken.
Lynn runs fast.
Many believe that the other lion should have won.
I usually drink a lot of milk.
Yesterday I was ill.
Children are prohibited from smoking.
A munghaki is a RNA antiseptic involved in regulating the expression of the gene through the RNA-RNA base pairing.
in their churches and by the books that they.
The cabbage is white.
Introduce me to your friend over there.
The sweet potato is big.
The cricket wouldn't want to do that again.
My aunt is looking for a large blue pajama.
His room is clean.
He appears to be strong and healthy.
At 8:00 AM, there are forty-two father at the next subway station.
She is riding an ambulance.
how much is two kilos of guava?
That canteen is known for their arroz caldo.
The cashew is blue.
Can you sort the plates?
The cricket haven't done this since high school.
The termite rarely listen to the radio.
You often see them going to the same school.
Is this fresh catfish?
Please cook dinner.
I like dogs.
This is the result of an ancestral structure adapted to the role in various ways.
We usually play tennis after school.
My aunt is looking for a medium yellow watch.
I will throw over some at you.
December 24 is Wednesday.
Stay here.
The eggplant is heavy.
He needs to undergo operation on his shoulders.
She needs to undergo operation on her arm.
I decided that if this bus were to crash Id be ready, agile and with nobody to worry about Id crawl free from the wreckage.
Can you clean the dishes?
The avocado is salty.
I'd like to buy endive.
He eats eggplant to get strong.
What time should we go?
Do you have an assignment?
Those two children were the same age.
Do you often call him?
how much do fifty garlic cost?
We have much knowledge.
Can I cook fish?
Buy some buko pies!
Too expensive.
You will be only hurt if you would love me.
Why not a wildlife photographer?
He is looking for medicine.
The tires turning around sharp bends made a slushy sound, the body of the bus winding recklessly around the hills.
She has kidney disease.
I am on my way to his doctor.
November 29 is Monday.
Eat and drink a lot.
Is this fresh lizardfish?
The deer has a bestfriend.
I want to rent this room to a student.
It seemed odd that this sunny patch of grass is tucked away in the aspens.
how much does one billion apple cost?
I read.
He didn't specify when he would return.
That third chair in the middle is broken.
Tomorrow we will celebrate my grandfather's birthday at the beach.
The bird is unlucky.
She will eat squash to get strong.
I'm afraid you have the wrong number.
He thanked the nurse.
Responsive X-ray treatments and their drug dispersal are characterized by molecular paracrystal with a large degree of disability.
He wanted to study literature and be a writer.
The avocado is bitter.
He needs to undergo operation on his right arm.
His body will get stronger if he eats mango.
During the early decades of industrial revolution in England, the countryside between London and Manchester was covered with black soot from coal-burning factories.
The sesame is hot.
The mosquitoes haven't forgotten our first date.
She needed to undergo operation on her left eye.
The bitter gourd is colorful.
How many Chinese friends do you have?
I lost my six beef at 10:00 AM.
I'm here now.
August 30th.
how much is six kilos of lanzones?
I will read next week.
We broke his ribs.
The buildings in school are big.
We've just cleaned the toilets.
Kidney infections are more common in women.
We performed surgery.
He needs medicine for his right ear.
Because the family is one very important and great gift of our Lord Jesus Christ.
August eight is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
My niece is looking for small cyan shorts.
We got married last January 10.
He is on his way to the doctor.
What time does the parking lot close?
What is your favorite movie?
You drank the liquors.
He will eat milk because he wants to be healthy.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Nepal.
The sweet potatoes are harvested.
There are bad beetles in the river.
Celtics' next game should be scheduled next week.
The rats kissed for a long time.
Oh, no! I may have lost my passport.
how much do nineteen kidney bean cost?
Ground pork roll is delicious.
Which did you eat, fish or meat?
Tom drank too much.
The dog works at the market.
I'll be free all day tomorrow.
I want to help you.
Look on top of the refrigerator for the key.
It rained really hard last October 13.
The rabbit goes to another building.
We just cooked supper.
Is this your first time in Manila?
He said that the drug is coming from France.
I like to buy eight big bitter gourd.
Do you still have chinese celery?
She eats pineapple because she wants to be healthy.
She was prescribed ten drugs.
My father is looking for a medium violet sweater.
Where is the round scad?
She takes ten drugs for her disease.
Medicine is what I am studying.
Should he be happy?
Tom wondered how long John and Mary had been dating.
Everybody stayed.
You made the leche flan.
She will eat squash to avoid sickness.
The beetle passes the exam.
They will gather.
The sesame is appropriate.
antichrist because the Bible tells us that.
Remember that it?╟╓s normal to not please everybody.
You feel guilty about that, the same guilt you feel when you give nothing to the women walking through BART trains.
My father is an architect, not an engineer.
How many pieces of dipper?
His children are asking him to go to Manila to consult a doctor.
They will go to Manila to consult a doctor.
He is happy he slept last night.
My niece is looking for a medium cyan watch.
The car my grandmother is driving is not his.
January twenty is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
You are cooking chicken.
Uses of Quantity Backup Quantum mechanics successfully overviews the illustrations of our world.
How many hours do you spend on finding phrases?
She is determined to leave the company.
Exercising helps improve blood flow in the brain.
The rat wonder if the dog is as excited about this as the cat is.
Please tell me how to get to the beach.
A paralyzed father.
She plays sports.
Please prepare the ingredients of the dish.
You are never safe.
16th day of June.
Maybe I should take naps at three in the afternoon.
They ate cake.
I will soak it in water.
Are they preparing the dish?
I want to sell one banana.
Except for Nina Dolma.
She must have everything her own way.
He has ten fingers.
The puppy hope to contact other Esperantists through the radio.
We drank your water.
I will sell vegetables.
Her aunt is good in cooking breakfast.
the price of durian is getting more expensive.
how much do eight pineapple cost?
The pear is delicious.
If October 1 is Saturday,.
He ran to the theater.
My grandfather takes eleven medicines every afternoon.
I go to the library when I need to research something.
He eats pineapple for faster recovery.
You made the gulaman.
That type of person tend to be childish and possessive.
banana is very cheap.
My mother takes eight medicines every morning.
He will need to undergo operation on his elbow.
She said that the doctor is coming from Germany.
I need to give away my puto seko already.
While he was sick, he became very thin.
Tom is talking to Mary on the phone.
Why is the bus late?
how much do thirteen shark cost?
They live in the oceans of the ocean floor.
We are eating the meats.
Blood supply is usually cut off when an artery supplying the heart muscle is blocked by a blood clot.
The doctor told Tom to reduce his red meat consumption.
I bought a loaf of bread for breakfast.
Where to now, your excellency?
Let's eat.
If November 27 is Saturday,.
The magnolia is big.
His coworkers were having a heated argument awhile ago.
Generally speaking, the Japanese people are diligent.
I can see he is ill by his appearance.
The mung bean is thirsty.
My brother is looking for a small brown shirt.
Countless times before, Ive heard the spirited defense.
You just made cheeses.
I am going.
Because unlike you, I never abandon my weak students.
The flag.
Stink was always barking.
I live in Georgia.
Preparations have already begun for the 18th Space Generation Congress to be held in Washington DC, USA, in October 2019!
I arrieved at school early.
The next day twenty men and boys came together for the hunt.
They will eat buko pies.
She wrote me letters, but rarely.
yourself spiritually and be ready so that.
I got full because I ate two cups of rice.
I am the one who was called by him by him.
Go here on December 21.
Are all these chairs broken?
Mary said she was going to dance all night.
He lost his money last November 28.
It's already November 26!.
knows where they are.
We need someone diplomatic to handle clients.
It tastes moldy.
The chili is spicy.
He just drank liquors.
She scheduled an appointment.
I have colds for eight days.
I'm not a bit interested in chemistry.
If it's not yet November 12,.
Ride a jeepney.
I am traveling to Visayas.
I'm 18 years old.
The starfruit is appropriate.
Slightly ripe mangoes are delicious.
From where is this crab fat?
All the chairs in the middle are broken!
The turtle's friends sleep early.
August 27th.
I think it's going to be a nice day.
My uncle is looking for a medium green pajama.
My grandfather takes two medicines every evening.
How do they prepare rice cake?
I want peanut in my food.
out there.
Do you believe in UFOs?
I ran into Mary at the party last week.
We are the hope of the motherland.
Who'll pay for it?
Her spouse asked her to go to England to consult a doctor.
Do you still have freshwater sardinella?
His parents are asking him to go to Greece to consult a doctor.
You can prepare the ingredients of the dish.
1 onion, chopped.
Where is the peanut?
how much do seven eggplant cost?
Upto one page only.
The swan's helmet is light.
Asa Gray discussed teleology with Darwin to raise and distribute the pamphlet of Gray on the theological evolution that "natural selection is not inconsistent with natural theology".
How much for white cheese?
We got married last February 1.
It's fun to knead dough.
Their mouths itch.
The mango is different.
Do you bring a mirror?
I seldom watch documentaries.
You can fry smoked meat.
how much does a fish cost?
He has been intent on learning French.
Could you please repeat what you just said?
The chili is holy.
The tamarind is healthy.
When will we go home?
Will I cook rice?
My mother takes three medicines every evening.
My aunt is looking for a large brown bag.
This is the camera I bought yesterday.
Do you think she will come soon?
The ginger is costly.
Really?
No one wants to work with a person who doesn't listen to legitimate criticism.
Don't ever think that.
I am more tired.
My child takes nine medicines every evening.
My uncle is looking for a medium violet watch.
Where is the short mackerel?
There is a snake who is special.
If December 27 is Saturday,.
They have the horse.
Tom bought some expensive meat to cook for dinner.
Let us start off with appetizers.
The milk boiled over.
Tomorrow, it'll be worse.
You initiated it.
We will eat buko pies.
one another that you will not be persecuted.
I went to Mexico last year.
He has been running for forty-two days at the grocery.
So, who are we, as tourists?
The worm can see some small fish swimming about in the water.
Do you have a change for one hundred?
The cat was able to eat two hundred pieces of fish.
He set out on a trip yesterday.
Can i ask for a discount for the sea grape seaweed?
When can we eat?
Can I sleep now?
Let's eat before we go.
I baked it this morning.
that persecution and tribulation.
Sometimes there's free burnt rice at Lutong Bahay.
Hand me the plate!
He had no time to realize who these men were.
The oleander is small.
My father is looking for small white shoes.
The cow has red hair.
We let the story begin.
He cooked rice.
You can go to the ballpark on this bus.
I like to buy four big sweet potatoes.
We play volleyball with our classmate when there's no teacher.
The banana is bland.
It's already December 17!.
Where is the ruler?
I want to buy more lima bean.
Where is the climbing perch?
I ate at the canteen.
Our country is getting richer.
Have you eaten?
In any case, I'll call you tomorrow.
Try it now.
Good people do not need laws.
Other ways to improve bone health and reduce the risk of osteoporosis include regular physical activity and strength training.
I am strong.
She lost weight.
Bulls have sharp horns.
The garlic is juicy.
October four is the date today.
how much do thirty eggplant cost?
The crater of Quilotoa was before us, an eerie spectacle.
Howard was arrogant earlier.
I have a date tomorrow night.
They encouraged everyone to join the rebellion.
I like to buy eight big chayotes.
You are buying breakfast, right?
She will eat milk to avoid sickness.
I need to go to the hospital.
She has pain in her ears.
Flowers are fragrant.
My mother takes ten medicines every afternoon.
They are cooking vegetables.
I like to buy nine big mangoes.
The children built a sand castle on the beach.
The events are still on my mind.
They have already given us an extension.
How much for round cabbage?
Will you prepare the ingredients of the dish?
I'm drinking coffee now.
I like to buy seven small melons.
I am not impressed with this airport.
He got me to buy cheap meat.
We tried to make out the letters written on the wall.
The fruits were eaten by us.
I want to buy two pineapple.
He had his car stolen yesterday.
Some decades have already passed.
There is no discount for the screw pine?
They just sold cheap meats.
Nothing is tastier than ice cream.
The lemon is blue.
Did you see him?
Many days passed before they came in sight of land.
I shall return.
The house is heated by solar energy.
Are you going to the next bus station later at 7:00 AM.
He's planning to buy a bed before December 5.
It is seven.
Tom arrived too early.
Pencils shall be brought this Thursday.
The time will come!
how much do sixty cabbage cost?
I think I need to see a doctor.
Some decades passed.
Forty-three.
I wear my jacket.
He deemed it wise to accept the offer.
She is a single mother working for her two boys.
He should be drinking water.
He will eat squash for faster recovery.
What's for breakfast?
Let us have faith in God.
The centipede's body is floating in the river.
to worship the antichrist and pledge allegiance unto the antichrist.
September 7 is Wednesday.
Please tell Tom it's urgent.
The oat is spicy.
after lesson hours, Al Farra rose to go out of the house.
We boiled the sweet potatoes.
My niece is looking for small cyan shoes.
The dog needs to pass the exam.
Morning of November 14.
They slept on the bed.
My favorite food is fried chicken.
Do not ask me if I want you.
November twenty-seven is the date today.
It was frequently talkied about by tourists the place of Oslob where they say whales can be found.
I'd like to buy cucumber.
Anyway, we'll see each other tomorrow.
She likes eating tomato that is why she is healthy.
I will join you later.
They sold the meats.
Some chicken is stuck on the railroad.
Detective David Dean had been seeing Attorney Ethel Rosewater three or four times a month for more than two years.
I went.
The oat is exceptional.
Which railroad do you prefer to travel on?
We boiled the beef.
You were sitting in a dark corner.
I live in Tajikistan.
There was a pig that is special for being smart.
He's planning to buy a bed before December 13.
Class doesn't begin until eight-thirty.
This second computer is broken.
I can prepare the viand.
We have absolutely nothing in common.
December thirty is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
I won't force you to love me.
Everything happens for a reason.
Osmograpiya and limnology explain the watery parts of the world (or hydrospera) such as oceans, seas, lakes and rivers.
The cow can produce milk.
Look at these statistics -.
melon is the cheapest.
His father is good in cooking breakfast.
You're wrong.
This issue also contained Maurice Wilkins's article DNA structure and its associates that analysis and in viv nba B-DNA X-ray proteins also support presence in vivo of double-helical DNA configurations as Crick and Watson proposed for their molecular double-helix molecular model over the previous two pages of Nature.
Who will take care of the dog while we are away?
This is good music.
September 1 will be Sunday because.
I've been playing soccer since I was fifteen.
Little knowledge.
I was not standing.
Brian can buy rice for us.
I stepped in the mud.
His nurse is here.
Her cooking is the best.
Their cat scared away the murderer.
ln this country, pizza reaches in 30 minutes.
My niece is looking for medium brown pants.
The lettuce is special.
Allowing growth.
I want to buy a octopus.
The third chair on the left is broken!
The baby centipede is hungry.
Our nurse is ready.
April eleven is the date today.
She was able to buy eight of her medicines.
Do not throw at me.
March twenty-four is the date today.
The goat's your twin.
Is that middle chair broken?
Do you have a match?
And finally, when it was time to leave, we took a shuttle to the airport so we could catch flights back to our various homes.
Sweet viands.
I just sliced breads.
My child takes seven medicines every afternoon.
She ground peppers.
The squid have access to his library.
Squatting down, my husband, Jason, and I searched for the tiny starter stud, bent into an L shape.
how much do four shrimp cost?
Does this match you?
The dog is coughing.
The eggplant is wet.
1 whole chicken.
It would be good to tap into some law firms for their expertise.
I like to buy four small shirts.
They raised a loud baby.
Is it that late?
We are looking for someone who is proficient in French.
The mushroom is appropriate.
I'm doing my assignment while waiting for my flight.
how much do nineteen durian cost?
Alice drinks coffee.
The train is arriving.
Smoking is not permitted on the train.
My friend is excited to swim.
Our sister is good in cooking breakfast.
Eating mangoes can also help reduce blood pressure.
There is an evil society of birds.
We could really get there.
I drank the wine.
She is worried.
He parked his car behind the building.
She sleeps in our room.
Mangoes are sweet.
His 1862 Fertilization of Orchids gave the first detailed demonstration of the power of natural selection to explain complex elaborate ecotourisms, producing predictable predictions or predictions.
I gave a knowing nod and headed back to the hostel, hoisting my head upright to the clouds above.
The grape is wet.
She drove faster.
This research was conducted by a team led by Felisa Wolfe-Simon, a geomicrobiologist and a gioebiochemist who is a postdoctoral ally of the NASA Astrobiology Institute with Arizona State University.
At 12:00 PM, there are forty-nine cotton at the shoe shop.
The mountain is popular.
Many ants enter the room.
The subject of the selection is the fan in its surrounding environment.
Write the textbook definition if you want to pass.
Others live in mollusks or water that are acidic and others are found in mollusks where they serve as parasites in them.
We have a lot of food during noche buena.
The chocolate is being eaten by her.
The strong dragonfly kicks hard.
Many species play in space between two base pairs.
I want to sell three wax gourd.
I wrote a poem a while ago.
everybody can come to our party on monday.
The assignment was too much for me.
The road is wide.
Now I have to redo it all.
Drinking hot water will not cure any diseases.
My uncle is looking for a medium green watch.
I like to buy six big lanzones.
I've been travelling all day.
I lived in Canada for six months.
You have until 2:30.
You are strong.
I'm as strong as before.
I sat there with Sally.
I have cough for two weeks.
Her parents asked her to go to Greece to medicine there.
My grandfather wants you to drive to Boston.
She has infection in her fingers.
Storms come every year.
The pirate hen wants to make money.
They wrote it on the blackboard.
I made breakfast for them.
The lime is expensive.
(Revelation 13:3) And I saw one of his heads.
The lime is dead.
Some shrimp wants to exit the game.
How much for slipper lobster?
I point my camera at the lavishly chiseled equations on the broad chalkboard of a physicists polished tombstone.
Now don't get your mom's wardrobe into the debate.
The oregano is wet.
Since the end of World War II.
Isn't she ripe now?
She is a part-time retail clerk.
The monkeys heard they caught the dog's killer.
Roasted pig stewed in vinegar is delicious.
They really mix together the different ingredients.
Where are the ballpens supposed to be kept?
They made graham cake.
There is no food that is not delicious for a person who is hungry.
Can i ask for a discount for the crab?
It's already October 20!.
He sold the cupcakes.
I cooked beef.
In human cells, telomeres are usually lengths of one-stranded DNA containing several thousand repetitions (repeats) of a simple TTAGGG sequence.
The bitter gourd is whole.
Noon of November 4.
The mosquito do not often go to lunch with tom.
We have cancer.
New genes can be created from an ancestral or ancient gene when duplicate copies mutate and reap a new function.
We have different backgrounds.
August 13th.
Accountants have an annual salary of approximately 300,000.
My nephew is looking for large brown shorts.
how much does a billion octopus cost?
Why is your forehead bigger than your patience?
He cooked me dinner.
I'll stay at home tomorrow.
how much does a bottle gourd cost?
She misplaced the charts and she can't find them.
At the same time, [[fibroblasts]] are moving to re-model the damaged structures.
The coconut is soft.
Would you like to watch TV?
The eggplant is dirty.
Pork barbecue is yummy.
String beans are vegetables.
She is in the hospital because of her heart.
Let me be.
I had been practicing playing the guitar for 5 years before I decided to make a record.
My cousin takes two medicines every morning.
I like to buy seven small garlics.
The pear is nutritious.
Have courage and be kind.
Where were you born?
Can I correct grammatical errors?
We are boiling the corn.
Start now.
For eggs, bread, milk, laundry, finishing journals, copying assignments I'm your guy.
He needs medicine for his ear.
Coffee is a kind of tea.
The security in Changi airport is tight.
He will go here on September 25.
Most hens wants to find new places.
Kyoto depends on the tourist industry.
Nothing destroys iron but its own corrosion.
Hold the candle.
I ate a fresh lemon for the vitamin C.
I will sell the vegetables.
I'm mad at Mary, she ate all of my leche flan in the refridgerator.
They said that the doctor is coming from Greece.
Turtles love spirit animals.
In the island hopping you can also go scuba diving or go snorkeling.
how much do thirty lima bean cost?
I have got great friends, a great job and a great family.
I feed my dog just before I eat dinner.
I will play football tomorrow.
The camels are ignoring you.
The horse is kicking the cat.
It was a window that Tom broke yesterday.
My father is scared to swim in the sea at night.
Philippine Airlines has its main hub at Ninoy Aquino International Airport in Manila.
What do you want to listen to?
Can you cook the dinner?
She is reading.
The hen knows the name of the hen.
The pigs discuss the evidence.
The garlic is thirsty.
An awful accident happened yesterday.
Tomorrow will be September 7.
Our first port was called Cadiz.
Where should the ballpen be kept?
Afternoon of December 14.
The fruits will be eaten by you.
Last friday, we bought apple from the store.
Cats are strong.
The jasmine is cooked.
the price of squid is getting cheaper.
She did the whole project.
They will eat ingredients.
The cabbage is brown.
The dog is eating some snacks.
Picasso painted this picture in 1950.
You are joining them.
The thousands of dollars you spent on airfare would be more useful if you just donated it.
She will drink the liquors.
It?╟╓s not quite what I wanted.
Your shoes are new.
How many pieces of mackerel scad?
Many students don't like homeworks.
Longsilog, a combination of longganisa, fried rice and egg, is usually eaten during breakfast.
I'll settle with you later.
The potato is expensive.
Water freezes.
The pomelo is artificial.
Did Tom come here yesterday?
My father takes a walk every morning.
The news that I heard yesterday was very sad.
It's already October 15!.
I slept twelve hours yesterday.
My father is excited to swim.
He stopped talking.
She closed the door tightly behind her.
Separate the lumpia wrappers.
Many pencils.
These cupcakes are yours.
The mosquitoes were holding their ground.
We are going to the pharmacy.
You just ground peppers.
I expect that Tom will pass the exam.
September 18 is Tuesday.
is that they confuse the tribulation with.
strawberry is more expensive.
guava is the most expensive.
I'm hungry.
At this time next week I will be sitting in the plane on the way to New York.
Fish sauce was put on the fish.
I hate Mondays.
Tom is never late.
I cannot find my pen.
Are you joining him?
how much do thirteen turnip cost?
He sold his guitar last October 20.
How would you feel if I told you I love you?
Darwin's health suffered from this endeavor.
Her spouse asked her to go to Italy to consult a doctor.
The father looked over at me often.
Violet is my favorite color.
If you are selling thirty-five times in thirty-five minutes,.
The kittens try and figure out who killed the kitten.
We'll go after we eat.
He still sees the organisms as perfect fit and the On the Origin of Species is recruiting his theological views.
We must try to protect the environment.
That bird is a great athlete.
They are eating sweet food.
Do we have a quiz?
My sister is looking for a medium white sweater.
My niece is looking for large cyan pants.
She cut her arm.
Do you still have shore crab?
There are four groups based on their oxygen-dependent reactions that their energy, the nitrogen, sulfur, iron, and hydrogen bacteria.
Every person in the universe commit mistake.
This desk is made of wood.
He is younger than me.
Do you take a shower after exercising?
I eat here every day.
They will go to Egypt to consult a doctor.
It contains valuable nutrients.
The sesame is natural.
This whole sermon was preached about the Jews.
You cannot cross the sea.
The trunk of the car is empty.
Our feet were severed.
She wants help.
I ate two cups of rice last lunch.
What time do you usually eat breakfast?
how much is eight kilos of eggplant?
The rice gruel cooked with chicken that she sells is tasty.
I got sick.
Can i ask for a discount for the star anise?
The eggplant is bitter.
I like to buy eight big taros.
Did he join you?
The lychee is expensive.
His siblings asked him to go to Germany to consult a doctor.
The plane is going to take off soon.
What's today's date?
The restaurant is full.
Many work.
Tom never eats spinach.
To tell the truth, I didn't notice it.
The train didn't arrive.
I will fry hotdogs.
The rats believe in god.
My mother is excited to swim.
He will go here on November 14.
My father is looking for large blue shorts.
The purple yam is dead.
I am all alone in a foreign country.
Did it rain last November 3.
The ants discussed tom's skills.
My aunt is looking for a small green pajama.
There is no discount for the chili pepper?
Where is the chair?
There is nothing better than playing multiplayer games during breaktime.
Tom, you're blushing. "No, I'm not."
January eighteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
He will sell his guitar on September 19.
He needs medicine for his left ear.
how much does thousand milkfish cost?
I want to sell one whale shark.
I heard the cry of the baby.
There's a restaurant near here.
Where is the pencil kept?
Nilupak is made from mashed, boiled cassava.
The cat's paw is weird.
Are you free next week?
Stink used to bark all the time then.
How can you help yourself develop better sleep habits?
The squid have no time to explain this in detail.
You suddenly got up and ran.
Some people engage in activities that harm the environment.
than that.
Contrary to the name of this group, not all members of this part will be sluggish (for example a henus of green photosynthetic bacteria Chloroflexus has a slight movement).
Don't give in from peer pressure.
She left the clinic early.
Virus's letters dropped on our homes like atom bombs.
The puppies arrived at the hotel.
He accelerated his car and overtook me.
My uncle is looking for a large red bag.
How much for bamboo shoot?
That fourth table on the right is broken!
The avocado is red.
Hyacinth bean is hard to find in the market.
Chinese cabbage is used in dishes.
The okra is hot.
The guests should be arriving soon.
The durian is sour.
Please fry smoked meat.
Tom gets up early in the morning.
Is it true that mother cannot swim?
Endogenous retroviruses Endogenous retroviruses (ERVs) are the most genomic sequences left from ancient virus infections in an organism.
The card is not easy.
The decision should be made.
They are caring for him.
I'm not waiting anymore because you have come.
I have ginger.
Can we ask someone?
My grandfather takes ten medicines every morning.
My aunt gave me a book for Christmas.
Where is the croaker?
Tomorrow will be October 13.
Please cook the dinner.
The seagulls know who it was.
How many pieces of lemongrass?
He will cook breakfast.
I want to drive.
I was gone for a month.
We just cooked dinner.
More sheep are killed everyday.
Did you take these pictures?
I have two eggs.
It's more fun in Costa Rica.
The mosquitoes grind wheat into flour.
We still much to dolater.
What kind of Japanese food do you like?
First Discovery History In ancient times, the knowledge of people in the shape and morphology of the bacteria depends on the size of the type of microscope they use in the study.
They were drunk.
This July, we will celebrate the month of nutrition.
There is two drugs for his sickness.
She always feeds her child with milk to be healthy.
The canteen serves bland tasting food.
We are eating healthy food.
It's the leftover humans.
The winter melon is spicy.
I can fry garlic.
I like to buy eight big corns.
You will make shake.
Did they eat the hotdog?
Tom doesn't know how to tie a tie.
The mosquitoes sent my suitcase to London by mistake.
We are drinking liquors.
Please open your book to page seven.
It has been thirteen years since I have socks.
Could you reduce the price a little?
Is this fresh bay leaf?
He said that the illegal drug will come from Italy.
The okra is appropriate.
You are making leche flan.
how much do six manila bean cost?
I forgot to grill beef for dinner.
It rained really hard last November 5.
Tell me what you did on your holidays.
When will you learn?
It's already December 21!.
They looked for the nurse.
The internet helps a lot in studying.
Astronomy is by no means a new science.
The bee is angrily following you.
Their uniforms are tight.
Morning of October 30.
How much is the Chinese cabbage?
Let's end this.
The flies announced the results as of may 1.
manila bean is very cheap.
Don't yell my name.
towards the evening a band of robbers swooped down upon them.
I want to buy one tomato.
The chili is bent.
Lend me your pencil.
The rose is new.
I took away your pain.
Its eerily calm, with a detached birds-eye view over the chaos below.
He lost his money last November 16.
He has infection in his left testicle.
I will run even if it rains.
I drank your liquor.
The goat is a journalist.
How big is your boat?
You rinsed the ingredients.
She will cook soup.
There are no classes on the month of April.
A sixty peso meal is already ok.
My niece is looking for a large black sweater.
The lychee is tasteless.
You will grind the peppers.
He can't be trusted.
The jellyfish cause another incident.
Can i ask for a discount for the long-jawed mackarel?
A driver was sleeping in the car.
Let us do that.
She got a present from her boyfriend.
Smoking in public places is already prohibited.
These different ideas have become standardized in Middle Ages and included in Christian studies but Aristotle did not demand that all true species respond one-on-one with exact metaphysical forms and specially provide examples of how new types of living things exist.
The ant seeks help.
Tom decided not to buy the car he was looking at yesterday.
Where can I buy mandarin orange?
He boiled beef.
Her sister visited me.
They're not going to be able to preach in.
From where is this eel?
it is after the tribulation.
how much is six kilos of rambutan?
He is drinking liquor.
The cricket have to get in touch with the dog.
The eggplant is soft.
Her spouse asked her to go to Greece to consult a doctor.
My father is looking for a medium pink sweater.
Some lion took pictures of the routine.
He lost his money last December 20.
This cheese is made from goat's milk.
That kid kept crying for hours.
You should've gone there by yourself.
I've known Tom since I was a kid.
They just cooked lunch.
The dog is participating in an orchestra.
I really like boiled eggs.
It snowed yesterday.
I know that she can pull off any role you give her.
Kaldereta's sauce is colored orange.
how much do six malay apple cost?
Don't cut in with your remarks.
Mary didn't get to eat breakfast.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Mongolia.
After the meal, I asked for the bill.
The evil bears fight.
I am not letting my father drive.
The oat is green.
His sigh is deep.
You can gain relevant experience through a paid internship.
The doctor is asking about your skin disease.
Lobbing time!
You must certainly be very hungry now.
It's already October 18!.
He needs medicine for his shoulders.
You are making halo-halo.
(Matthew 24:42) Watch therefore: for ye know.
Three days later the issue was settled.
Is this middle table on the left is broken?
I want to buy three garlic.
The tamarind is weird.
Festival will only last until November 11.
It's boiling in here.
My name is Faith.
On your payday, let's say this is your pay.
Asthma attacks are potentially life-threatening.
Festival will only last until December 10.
The first chair in the middle is broken!
Prokaryotic cells are divided by binary fission.
December fifteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
He talks frequently.
All I have is a microphone.
Knowledge is a gift from God.
I ate the ingredient.
My brother is looking for a large blue pajama.
The accident occurred at dawn.
I am answering the homework.
i look up to someone who helped me in the past.
When will she do it?
Our hair is greasy.
I want to buy less crab.
The tamarind is sour.
My nephew is looking for medium blue shoes.
The chicken uses the wand.
The swan buys stuff.
Tom and Mary became very good friends.
I like to play.
The plant is wearing pants.
Most intercals are aromatic and planar molecules.
But now that the moment had come.
I like to buy three big pineapples.
This article does a great job of explaining complicated concepts.
Can i ask for a discount for the potato?
Is there any discount for the grouper?
You are frying tocino.
September nineteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
I don't know why there weren't any buses yesterday.
Can i ask for a discount for the spotted scat?
Do you like spinach?
I live in Chile.
May I eat a little of it?
We leave for work at 7:30 a.m.every morning.
The child will write.
An example of this is the Caulobacter.
Some horses manage to beat the big monster.
He went to Spain to consult a doctor.
Are you truly ready for the panel defense?
There is no discount for the cabbage?
Don't rush yourself in exercising.
Some fireflies do not know of the dangers.
Can you meet me tomorrow?
The evil bears find another target.
I will steam the rice.
I wrapped up the plantain and arepa and saved it in case I got hungry in the morning, then devoured every bit of meat off the bone.
You have to pass a competency exam before we interview you.
Can you cook the lunch?
We played already.
I like to buy two small shirts.
The kaldereta at the place we bought lunch from yesterday is delicious.
I'd like to buy hawaiian ladyfish.
Don't wait for issues to escalate before you act on them.
All the computers on the right are broken.
I went to work yesterday.
We got the salt.
The pig joins the selection process.
He quickly read his responsibilities.
He arrived too early.
September 8 is the day of his death.
October 13 is Wednesday.
it matches up perfectly.
His children asked him to go to China to consult a doctor.
Will you please let me borrow your notebook?
Behave yourself during my absence.
I will eat many brownies.
Are you bringing your camera for the expo?
Enjoy these text conversations between me and my old boss.
How many pieces of eel?
what time do you close today?
My wife will be glad to see you, too.
He will eat milk to strengthen his bones.
The dog made lines.
I like the idea of dogs playing volleyball.
I go to bed late at night.
He bit my leg.
My sister is looking for small pink clothes.
You ate my sandwich.
I feel bad.
I like to buy seven small corns.
The Bible says in John 1:41.
Genetic differences across human populations, in the past and present.
Looks like I have to learn this the hard way.
The papaya is salty.
Am I disliked?
Here, four guanine bases form a flat plate and these four base units are overlapping each other to form a solid G-quadruplex structure.
When he's drunk, my housemates are trembling in fear.
When I was eleven I was living in the suburbs of Chicago.
You lost?
Yesterday is September 25.
people would see the scriptures and see the.
I like to buy three small tomatoes.
Do not worry.
They will cook lunch.
My sister is looking for large brown clothes.
My nephew is looking for large violet shoes.
Could you bring us the oil and vinegar?
Tom ate breakfast by himself.
Why do I need to clean the blackboard?
However, some beetle populations are resistant to each of these chemicals.
We talked about a variety of topics.
It is a company that overhauls and repairs aircraft engines.
how much is eight kilos of malay apple?
That dog is the greatest writer of our generation.
I wanted to take a trip to a spring in the province of my grandmother.
how much does a squid cost?
He is visiting him.
My uniform is dirty.
You boiled the beef.
She's still eating.
It is September 14 when.
We have been sitting on this meeting since eleven twenty seven pm.
I will not do it.
We have new chairs.
Can you prepare the dish?
I like to buy four small melons.
Is that fifth table on the left is broken?
The two countries negotiated a treaty.
On January 2, 2001, Sila Calderon became the first governor of Puerto Rico.
The risk of heart attack increases as a person gets old.
How long are you going to be in Boston?
Japanese has become one of the most popular courses at the university since the Asian studies program was established.
This is the first lesson you learn when you make traveling a habit.
We still much to do the next day.
There is a glass on the table.
They said that the drug is coming from Greece.
The cockroach's brother is inside the room.
how much do fifteen onion cost?
One must have a conviction to be happy no matter what trouble life throws at them; because life can certainly disrupt a persons happiness, getting in the way of them enjoying their own life, with all the countless and never-ending mishaps and suffering.
On June 6.
Where is the deepwater red snapper?
The papaya is bland.
What time will you finish?
My uncle is looking for a large green watch.
Tom doesn't know how to use a snorkel.
There has to be another way to do this.
I was busy cooking.
He is happy.
I thought I saw you crying.
He's planning to buy a bed before November 1.
the sign of your coming And when will it.
If you consider yourself capable of learning another language in less than two years, without immersing yourself in it twenty-four hours a day, either you live in dreamland or youre a genius.
The seagulls were holding their ground.
Bring food.
The magnolia is nutritious.
Can you cook the adobo?
Angel was confused to the beautiful tree because no birds want to land on it.
Just don't let that baldy see you.
Let's make it brief.
October nine is the date today.
where it comes from This is how it got into.
Draw a circle.
The moth is ashamed of my poor English.
Forgive us.
You can also go fishing for free.
He will go here on October 27.
He chopped vegetables.
I asked him if you will come with me, but he didn't even answer.
how much does thousand durian cost?
I will cook the supper.
The wolves are having breakfast now.
I usually get up late.
You drank liquors?
My father takes twelve medicines every afternoon.
We would join you.
I am pleading.
We plan to go hiking tomorrow.
I?╟╓d like to buy apple.
Most Japanese houses are built of wood.
Did they fry tocino?
You should prepare for the future.
He will sell his guitar on October 6.
I like to buy six small okras.
you know it's too soon for news.
Tom stayed late.
There is no discount for the flounder?
She searched for a clinic.
The mung bean is soft.
I live in Pakistan.
Why did you not tell me that there won't be classes today?
The smartest dog knows a lot about history.
Who do you want to speak to?
The article looks into the informal sector from another perspective.
Dear Lord, please make everything work out.
I discovered a lot.
The Pan line separates the chimpanzee and bonobo 1 million years ago.
I want to feel reckless.
He sold vegetables.
My sister is looking for large white shorts.
The taro is long.
Let's go buy some food.
I just finished.
How many boys are there in this class?
From where is this cashew?
You are eating the chocolate.
The dragonfly is watching dragonball.
the long-bridged experiment in Pasteur's laboratory continued with the establishment of a clear relationship between bacteria (and yeast) and the process of permentation, dissection and disease.
TV shows and movies have been messing with.
You made the cheeses.
The rats say everybody gets what they deserve.
My uncle is looking for a medium black sweater.
I saw La Bamba on VHS in Kyle Staneks basement.
The star apple is bland.
Where is the water chestnut?
I am touched by the amount of letters.
October twenty-four is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Get your smartphones out and start filming this.
My child takes nine medicines every afternoon.
He is our gardener's son.
and his angels were cast out with him.
I did my homework yesterday.
I have colds for six days.
Please see HR.
They cooked the rice.
This is a joke, right?
The school is wide.
My wife is getting tired of the daily routine.
We are leaving at 3 pm.
Fry hotdog.
I will punish you.
The moon shines when the sun has set.
My brother is looking for a small red shirt.
My nephew is looking for a small black pajama.
They will neither pass, nor get a job.
You will fry pork.
How much for tamarind?
Do you still have mudfish?
Weve been traveling for three days.
I can't see.
The dog got to the hospital early.
I feel it too.
You are strong.
Drink milk!
You will steam the rice.
I apologize.
Her neck aches.
Have you ever left a restaurant without paying?
It will be October 27 next week.
How much for fringescale sardinella?
From where is this asiatic yam?
Can i ask for a discount for the ground beef?
He knows how to think critically.
I want to sell less ginger.
Tom is past his prime.
She said that the illegal drug is coming from Italy.
Who made all things and Boston?
My niece is looking for a medium pink pajama.
They left very early in the morning.
The rules were recently relaxed.
I want to buy three squash.
I always travel with travelers' checks instead of cash.
June five is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
They ate the brownies.
It's more fun in Niger.
You need to finish your food!
I have a pencil.
He finished college.
I want to cook for you.
I want to pierce my ears.
His siblings are asking him to go to the United States to consult a doctor.
I don't have water.
The magnolia is new.
DNA-bound proteins Structural proteins that bind DNA are well-understood examples of non-specific DNA-protein interactions.
My elder sister takes three medicines every evening.
The time will come when she'll regret it.
Where can I find John?
the Bible is clear.
She needs medicine for her left hand.
It rained really hard last November 16.
Can i ask for a discount for the snapper?
My father is looking for small black clothes.
What is the total number of students?
Onion is nutritious.
(1 Thessalonians 4:18) Wherefore comfort one.
It's a done deal.
We made the gulaman.
Tom drew two squares on the blackboard.
I completed MBA.
My uncle is looking for a small yellow watch.
You grilled tilapia.
No mobile signals.
The cloud is white.
I saw him yesterday.
I've been waiting for Tom since 2:30.
How much for carrots?
She's distributing Mcdonalds coupons.
She'd go with you.
The news flashed scenes of landslides that had killed dozens not too far from where I was.
I am accompanying you.
how much is seven kilos of tamarind?
We've seen it before.
I made dinner.
That fourth computer in the middle is broken!
My mother gets up earlier than anyone else.
how much do five meat cost?
This is not what I remember from you.
Using the telephone inside the classrom is not allowed.
She said that the drug came from Greece.
I knew I had to finish the report before noon.
pineapple is not that expensive.
You can cook breakfast.
Do you like singing?
No, ten.
The kittens must kill each other to survive.
My sister is looking for a small yellow bag.
I am now free.
We want a car.
Let?╟╓s eat sweet potato.
Tides are caused by the moon's gravity.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Antigua and Barbuda.
The weekend is what I live for.
He ran so he would get there on time.
She cooked her husband an apple pie.
You join frequently.
I am the most handsome.
This vegetable is already stale.
The bitter gourd is delicious.
He bought a standing desk to help improve his posture.
He will sell his guitar on November 6.
how much is five kilos of nuts?
It will be September 27 next week.
My sister is hungry.
A lot of horses do need food to survive.
The worm see how you study.
March twenty-nine is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
We came here because we wished for it.
They also have a hanging bridge that became popular to tourists because of its view and design.
Albert II of Habsburg was crowned King of Hungary on January 1st, 1438.
The spider is in danger.
My brother is looking for large brown pants.
Obesity might be caused by the type of microbe a person has.
The cockroach knows its brother is in a room.
You can cook fish.
My niece is looking for a small grey shirt.
You did not come to school yesterday.
Basically everyone is having a good hair day in the Novodevichy Cemetery, except the living.
This has no cap.
He writes.
Is this fresh terapon fish?
They said that the drug will come from France.
The jellyfish transforms back into a jellyfish.
Why are you becoming like this?
Tom is now studying at the library.
The horse jumped over the fence.
His toes are sore.
The lilac is juicy.
She will cook dinner.
The radish is healthy.
They are eating the buko pies.
Cucumbers, spinach, broccoli and onions are considered non-starchy vegetables.
Is there any discount for the mullet fish?
We sacrificed our comforts for his future.
My aunt is looking for a medium red shirt.
It's more fun in Republic of the Congo.
Will the airport close in July?
In life we never lose friends, we only learn who the true ones are.
Her outfit is horrible.
Is it hot?
Did they get to eat lunch?
Tom closed his eyes and fell asleep.
The government is dealing with an influx of poachers.
It has been seventeen months since I have shellfish.
The oat is dirty.
We are made up of love and hate.
I do not like you.
The ginger is withered.
Where we're going, you're going to need a strong stomach.
The handwriting of our teacher is good.
He needs your help.
This fourth chair on the left is broken!
He is in the hospital because of his eye.
What color is your dog?
He's allergic to shrimp.
I'll take her over in the morning to get her stuff out of the car.
Will you be here this leaving Saturday?
She stood close to him.
If you have high grades, you are a master.
Finish that now.
Let us go to Bataan!
Our grandfather is good in cooking lunch.
I will fry pork.
My finger got burned from their sizzling plate.
While youre standing there, wondering where to start, theres a constant flow of unfamiliar, but lovely faces, and they all look you in the eyes, smile, and blow their cigarette smoke above their heads.
I forgot his appointment.
She was not able to eat.
The new recruits are close to one another.
They are asking for medicine.
The mango is cooked.
The dragonfly had my car stolen.
I like chicken tinola more than chicken adobo.
I want fried eggplant for breakfast.
My sister is looking for a medium red sweater.
The orchid is bitter.
Stop crying because I am here to comfort you.
The purple yam is costly.
The swan's ball is white.
The chili is orange.
Can you prepare the viand?
guava is more expensive.
I will stay true.
You can stay there.
how much does a billion shark cost?
I wonder why he is happy?
Festival will only last until September 6.
From 11:00 PM to 11:30 PM.
I am driving our car.
Some seagulls do not want to become ninjas.
They ate brownies.
Whale oil could be used in lamps.
She will write.
I have to get their breakfast ready.
She eats string bean to strengthen his bones.
The chili is heavy.
I am going to Spain in June.
My sister is looking for medium orange pants.
He lost his money last September 18.
There is six drugs for her sickness.
You beat me.
Can a cavity cause a bad taste in the mouth?
He is studying medicine in Germany.
The goats have peace at home.
I sometimes cook dinner.
The tiger's floorball stick is light.
My uncle is looking for a medium orange bag.
lima bean is very cheap.
They said that the doctor is coming from England.
My brother is looking for medium yellow pants.
My mother is looking for large pink pants.
We are showering him.
It is spicy.
Have you done it?
I will grill the milkfish.
The lizard still remembers you.
This is how to cook rice.
You have been sold meats.
turnip is expensive.
It tastes bad!
i keep losing for four months.
I felt as if I were an uninvited guest.
The onion is appropriate.
I'm hungry.
I like to buy six small tomatoes.
Technology is a big help for studying.
I do not want to be late for class.
He is drinking coffee!
How many pieces of mud crab?
His mother is good in cooking dinner.
Our uncles visited me.
Throw some over at them.
Support him.
My mother went shopping on Saturday but she didn't buy anything.
I won't join as of the moment.
A century later, machines entered the scene.
The bell will ring.
have a complicated chart to explain it to.
The chili is sweet.
I came earlier than him.
They are the people who trust us.
Some of them can be seen only in the proximity or maximum lens of a powerful light microscope.
The orchid is dead.
Most of the viewers are chicks.
Once the words leave our mouths, or are left on the page, the meaning is up for grabs.
What do you eat when you feel sad?
We don't have classes today.
I am reapeating.
Those computers on the left are broken!
Now go to sleep, and there's an end of it.
Are you interested in going to Japan, Tom?
Okay, you've got the job.
My nephew is looking for medium red shorts.
My father is looking for medium blue pants.
If only I hadn't been in such a hurry!
The swans train at the morning.
the slave soon became known for his wisdom and courage.
You can cook breakfast.
Tom's mother died when he was young.
You will rinse ingredients.
The third chair is broken!
He lost his money last December 1.
My mother took the bus.
You don?╟╓t need to say yes to every opportunity of success.
She drives a boat.
We ate breakfast at seven.
Nutrition and Energy The metabolic variety shows the bacteria.
Are those tables on the left broken?
Where is my change?
Is he/she already asleep?
It is persecution.
The boat will leave at around 6am.
However it is new, and continuously discovering biology, and there is little or no clear counsel offered except in the avoidance of stress or things that are not in the capacity or control of a person.
Is September 19 Friday.
The duck is watching yuri on ice.
She studied medicine in England.
I donate blood.
I already bought water.
These are instruments that record, analyze, summarize, organize debate and explain information.
What are you doing in this time of the day?
The girl ran to her room.
At the outset, although most moths of bright colors continue to multiply, most of them are not survived as black moths continue to grow.
My uncle is looking for small blue pants.
My uncle is looking for a medium cyan bag.
I?╟╓ve read that book you lent me.
Go here on November 30.
We were on set yesterday filming a commercial.
Animals that float are already dead.
The swan's ball is light.
Tom had a lot of work to do yesterday afternoon.
A happy soul is the best shield against a cruel world.
Tomorrow will be September 17.
I've found another job.
Then this trip is for you!
I like to buy nine small sapodilla.
The pomelo is green.
The sesame is fresh.
I love scrambled eggs.
Where is the whiting fish?
Well-being is in happiness and not in prosperity.
Eat your vegetables.
During the past several years, many Japanese have been killed or injured while traveling overseas.
You are cooking the breakfast.
She is in the hospital because of her arm.
Don't tell Father about this.
Where's my lunch?
Evolution A central concept in biology is that life is evolving and evolving through evolution and all forms of life have a common origin.
He gace me an eggplant omelette.
Who are you looking for again?
I'm very busy at the moment.
If it's not yet September 17,.
We made shake.
He worked quietly for a few minutes.
Is there any discount for the pickled mango?
He needs to undergo operation on his left eye.
I am alone.
these separate nations.
I want to go home and sleep but I have a physical therapy session.
Roll up your sleeves and get to work.
Ectoprocta 4,500 types.
It rained all day yesterday.
They try to use their hands to eat.
The orchid is juicy.
My dad drives too fast.
I'm sorry, we're sold out.
What did you do yesterday?
Teach me please.
I like to buy seven small pomelos.
They are cooking beef stew.
You know how i feel.
I'd like to buy yellowfin tuna.
My sister is looking for medium cyan clothes.
She was hospitalized in England.
The grape is white.
Have you ever eaten something that made you ill?
Does it think?
He will sell cupcakes.
The crocodile is friends with the pirate.
Tom uses a spoon to eat rice, but Mary prefers to use chopsticks.
You cannot make bricks without straw.
Tom bought a sewing machine for Mary.
Pineapples are sweet and sour.
how much do six apple cost?
Rice needs to be cooked for it to be eaten.
The scorpion's team head to the next village.
Morning of September 30.
Did you hear what he said?
I'm happy for you.
Plaster has peeled off her once-ornate door frame.
I'm going to go on a picnic tomorrow.
how much is seven kilos of lima bean?
The winter melon is artificial.
The ingredients are being eaten by us.
You are boiling the pork.
I'm lost.
Tomorrow night, I am going to Narita airport.
He still cannot concentrate.
This school is peaceful.
She will cook the lunch.
The onion is destroyed.
We are feeling worse.
At 8:00 PM, there are twenty-eight tuna at the cinema.
The blackberry is small.
Every snake knew of the performance.
Tom eats at least three bowls of rice every day.
Our paths have crossed very often.
He sold his guitar last November 20.
How much for the sugar?
This tree is too young to bear fruit.
How does it feel to be a quarter of a century old?
I have to go to the toilet.
The goat has a lot of issues.
He said that the doctor will come from Japan.
It's almost midnight here.
We will eat the vegetable.
Her fianc?? gave her a very big ring.
Tom is making breakfast.
malay apple is the most expensive.
I ran into your brother on the street.
She said that the illegal drug will come from China.
I will focus my time on studying.
how much do eleven black plum cost?
The balloon popped.
I couldn't go out because of the snow.
The former agent told them that she ran away without notice.
The bee has six helmets.
trusting your own works to save you.
Why are ignoring me?
Tomorrow will be October 8.
I will write next Thursday.
My grandfather takes ten medicines every evening.
How'd you get Randy's address?
I wrote a poem last week.
Can you cook the adobo?
The bee leaves the village.
It's sunny all month long except last October 29.
She can count.
I can't answer this.
Memorize this.
The meats will be eaten by us.
I like Tom already.
My aunt is looking for small magenta shorts.
rIn all of my travels, I have never encountered people quite like the Burmese.
Is this fresh ground beef?
I am running.
They read frequently.
i weekly do someone over.
Smiling outside, dying inside.
Anyone here, who'll strive to win this pen?
He said that the doctor is coming from Egypt.
Is October 20 Friday.
He needs to take a week off.
Take the first exit.
She will eat jackfruit because she wants to be healthy.
My brother took the bus.
They did not talk anymore since the defeat happened.
Do you have a receipt?
My niece is looking for small green shoes.
The jackfruit is hot.
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
That is fair.
You are out of luck.
All of us were busy cleaning the room.
Where are your souvenirs?
The oat is withered.
There is seven drugs for her sickness.
I'd like to buy cabbage.
He drove to the airport.
They slept in the hospital.
How many pieces of pigweed?
What is that?
The dog is growing.
The hibiscus is bent.
You can certainly rely on him.
The pepper is valuable.
We are praising the dentist.
Your uniform is tight.
You ate the buko pie.
The beat of an approaching drum announced the arrival of the condemned man.
The crickets can leave.
We will cook breakfast.
Why didn't you come to work yesterday?
Other major figures in modern evolutionary synthesis include R. A. Fisher, Theodosius Dobzhansky, J.
My niece is looking for a small white pajama.
I want to buy five fish.
I am sure.
Our tongues hurt.
He took the bus.
It looks as if autumn is really here.
Do you eat noodles every day?
Do you like to travel?
The crocodiles do not know about it.
There are many kids playing.
What would you like to eat?
We can eat Italian or Chinese food.
We listened to his nurse.
March twelve is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
You should eat vegetables.
The evidence of multicellular life has emerged in China's previous Doushantuo before Cambrian about 590 to 560 million years ago.
I?╟╓d like to buy bitter gourd.
I have class tonight.
Is there any discount for the snapper?
It happened before.
how much does one billion eggplant cost?
Karaoke is good for reducing stress.
Get out of here!
She will go to China to consult a doctor.
I can cook pork stew.
It was really beautiful here because the water was crystal clear and you can see the small fish.
how much do thirteen cabbage cost?
They said that the doctor is coming from Manila.
I'd like to buy mackarel.
The line does not move on.
My mother is looking for large white shorts.
My sister is looking for small cyan shorts.
Many ballpens.
September 16 is Thursday.
Is that true?
I like to buy nine big sugar apples.
Tell me what's your aim.
He lost his money last September 2.
I lost my thirty-nine bus leave at 6:30 PM.
His son Anne Darwin died at the age of 10 and it had a damaging effect on Darwin and his wife.
You fried chickens.
August 14th.
No singing in the morning before breakfast.
She doesn't eat vegetables.
My mother is looking for a small yellow shirt.
Cross the street.
The monkeys do like you.
I would throw away.
We're late because of you.
My father is looking for a medium magenta shirt.
Let's all agree to sit on this for a week and do some soul searching.
The pineapple is cold.
They are jogging for 1 minute.
This third computer on the right is broken!
Eating a nutritious, balanced diet is essential for good health.
Can i ask for a discount for the celery?
But if you have none, you're dead.
My mother is looking for medium green clothes.
how much do eighteen bitter gourd cost?
My tooth hurts when chewing.
My sister is looking for a medium green watch.
How much for starapple?
I had a good time this evening.
We are far from home.
You are frying pork.
We stopped for dinner at a local restaurant.
He became healthy by eating cucumber.
You will boil the sweet potatoes.
The drug is coming from Spain.
Hand me my towel.
He will be back tomorrow.
The pencil lead is gray.
The crickets treated me like a criminal.
It's already November 19!.
You told me to come back today.
My big brother drives a new car.
The man denied having stolen the car.
Is this first chair on the right is broken?
He eats cabbage to lose weight.
It is a famous school.
My aunt is looking for large red shoes.
The centipede feeds the baby centipede.
The mosquito do not think tom has enough money to buy that.
Despite his riches, he's not contented.
The doctor said that you eat this for your skin disease.
The cabbage is natural.
Before us lies a sea of drunken and brightly decorated locals.
The lice lied.
Have you been running?
She got up late.
His sister is good in cooking breakfast.
how much do twenty octopus cost?
The owl will go to Hokkaido next month with my friend.
May two is the date today.
I was so spaced out that I didn't notice that there was a wild rabbit in front of me.
Today is November 24.
Do they take a bath?
The pepper is illegal.
At one o?╟╓clock, I will be meeting with the management about my raise.
He accused her of having lied to him.
Tom doesn't even know how to boil water.
I'd like to talk to you about what happened at school yesterday.
She said that the drug will come from China.
Let's walk instead.
How many are there?
His story must be true.
Workplace gossip spreads like wildfire.
I want to sell less eggplant.
She became healthy by eating apple.
My aunt is looking for small violet pants.
Their brother visited me.
Put the meat marinade in the pan.
The whale like winter better than summer.
There is someone pulling my foot while swimming.
She needed to undergo operation on her left shoulder.
Have you ever been to France?
He is 98 years old already.
Tomorrow will be December 14.
Yesterday I was caught in a shower on my way home.
Can I speak to Tom, please?
She is thanking the nurse.
I'm sorry.
I lost my thirty-nine grandfather at 12:00 PM.
I eat fruit.
My uncle is looking for a large magenta sweater.
There is no discount for the bitter gourd?
He is a budding fashion stylist looking for more exposure.
But will it be accepted?
The cabbage is healthy.
Is the shop open?
How much for lima bean?
I like to buy five small vegetables.
It?╟╓s fifteen minutes to seven.
Give away a floppy disk.
You tried.
how much do ten wax gourd cost?
Why are you thanking me?
Harvard Doctor: Im a rock climber.
Our dentist called.
Is this fresh apple?
Do you still have mustard?
Have you eaten already?
I like to buy six small cabbages.
The sharks left the city.
He eats jackfruit to strengthen his immune system.
Archie spoke arrogantly earlier.
Everyone wants to attend.
I like to buy nine small mangoes.
Some chickens saw the encounter.
She will cook dinner.
Don't marry that ass.
My cousin takes three medicines every afternoon.
The crocodile took time off from work.
My attention was caught by the scene I have witnessed.
Nothing much.
Do you still have salad?
I've always wanted to travel through Europe.
I felt faint, unsure whether the words or undercooked chicken were to blame.
Tom can cook very well.
Leave!
I wondered what it felt like to live in constant isolation.
The snail wish the snail could go to japan.
Return.
If you are tarrying three times in three hours,.
He will be bringing in a few people initially.
She will need to undergo operation on her right eye.
You have zero understanding of our economic situation!
You swines!
Is it true that Tom can swim?
He has access to the American Embassy.
The seagull attends training.
Are you going to think of something?
My brother is looking for a small green bag.
The world will laugh at you!
This fifth chair on the left is broken!
They made cheeses.
Some evil birds are chased by the weird birds.
November 26 is Thursday.
My wife and I agreed on a holiday plan.
The cashew is strange.
I left my stuff.
shall come.
I grilled the milkfish.
What is your business here?
I really think my grandmother should drive.
It didnt stop the ships photographer from getting one of the entertainers to dress up like Long John Silver.
The centipede is walking home.
This is my grandfather.
Living organisms, even bacteria or insect larvae, do not come from novell to dead matter.
Tom is quite often late.
We cannot concentrate.
Prepare your vegetables by chopping your onion.
The seagulls can't possibly work.
Coolers is only seven pesos.
I grilled the tilapia.
He needs to undergo operation on his right lung.
The coconut is dirty.
Her children asked her to go to the United States to consult a doctor.
Let's get together tomorrow.
Tom wrote to me yesterday.
I want supper in my room.
We fried the fish.
Can you wait here?
In preparation, he joined Adam Sedgwick's geology course and later joined it in the summer for a couple of weeks in Wales's strata map.
There is a program in school.
The tomato is unripe.
Is that second table on the right is broken?
We got the fruits.
The pear is effective.
Me and my friends are at the table.
You will saute vegetables and meats.
The dog bought fish from the market.
The plane is flying above the clouds.
Do you still have snapper?
I have wound in my foot.
I like to buy eight big crabs.
nuts is more expensive.
Let's ask the boy who lives next door.
I like to buy nine big papayas.
The crow is a sign of bad luck.
Fry garlic.
The sesame is strange.
You will fry pork.
I like to buy ten small squashes.
Is there any discount for the spinefoot fish?
I like to buy seven big jackfruits.
She cooked pork.
There is little hope of her recovery.
Did he buy breakfast?
Without any pretense she was now afraid of everything.
Fran is sad.
Let's saute vegetables and meats.
i go back here daily.
Here we will see the statue of Lapu-Lapu, which serves as its own courage in the fight against F. Magellan.
He saved their lives.
Is December 3 Friday.
I will eat the brownie.
Shaun put it on our last evening when we gathered for a final beer by the fire.
All the chairs are broken.
The peppers will be eaten by you.
Tom never works on Sunday.
The pomelo is yellow.
I will chop the vegetables.
The lettuce is exceptional.
We are going to rehab.
I'm going to get punished even more.
Tom doesn't eat dark meat.
My aunt is looking for small orange shoes.
I want to buy a manila bean.
The weird bird kills some members.
Brazil has almost 200 million inhabitants.
Let's drive to the volcano.
He fried the tilapia.
Be there tonight.
She took her book.
The corn is prohibited.
There's many cats at the cafetira of NIGS.
They need to be the one who will be cooking for the celebration.
This river keeps flowing.
He got his disease in the United States.
Can I cook the supper?
Do they have plans to eat here?
Although these little elements are later found to be useful or functioning, combined, it identifies the identities of common descent products rather than common tasks.
how much is four kilos of sardines?
I want to sell a nuts.
The cookies that you made taste good.
You are eating a fruit.
If there is nothing, then I will just make a new one.
how much is a kilo of luffa?
Drink plenty of water so you do not get breath.
Answer him.
The cow goes outside.
I like to buy five big lanzones.
My mother takes seven medicines every evening.
The body of the sitometry has two layers of cells, such as sinidaria.
Cut the tree.
He eats milk to strengthen his immune system.
The lemon is thirsty.
My father is looking for a small red sweater.
You are always sitting which is bad.
You can cook pork adobo.
I will lob something at you.
My nephew is looking for a small red shirt.
Will you talk to me?
Pininyahang manok is a dish with chicken and pineapple.
May eleven is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
If November 14 is Saturday,.
How many people went to that college and are now on antidepressants?
My sister is looking for a medium white bag.
They are cooking rice.
The durian is hard.
Do you live alone?
My cousin takes thirteen medicines every morning.
Here, take my notebook.
You don't need to carry lunch with you.
Your donuts are ours too.
Are the weight of our bags okay?
Please join us.
He's planning to buy a bed before November 14.
The carabao makes a mistake.
Fight for things using kindness.
He will go here on November 19.
how much do thirteen bottle gourd cost?
I haven't seen him recently.
It's already December 5!.
Don't drive so fast.
I'd like to buy skipjack tuna.
The watermelon is beautiful.
His mouth will be unfamiliar to the taste.
It's funny but it is the truth.
I want to buy three sugar apple.
She went to the hospital yesterday.
The rice is long.
Some organizations called on the government to scrap laws that suffocate working citizens.
I truly wish for an active gaming scene.
Snap out of this!
Is your father there?
My dog wants to go to school with me.
A bat hunts food and eats at night, but sleeps during the day.
I want to sell more lanzones.
She will need to undergo operation on her right kidney.
They are feeling much better.
I have to leave.
He lost his money last November 21.
Let me do it.
Make sure that our policies are being enforced everyday.
November 27 is the day of his death.
The moth know what time you said you'd get there.
My father takes a walk every morning.
Tom doesn't like any kind of spicy food.
The wolf think they must be twins.
I need it right now.
We cooked supper.
Some fireflies are not afraid to die.
Send me a message.
I can't do anything but obey him.
But he's Chinese, he's sure to have a lot more money than you.
The melon is juicy.
sixty.
Don't forget to eat breakfast.
I failed.
I live in Andorra.
He doesn't understand why some people have a harder time coping with problems.
They cook frequently.
I want to buy three pineapple.
If it hadn't been raining, we would have played football.
I will get a plate from the kitchen, and then I will put rice into it.
how much does a kilo of black plum cost?
What places does that tour visit?
She praised the doctor.
Franco's breath is stinky.
I'm 25 years old.
I wish I had a beautiful girlfriend.
Powerful winds help the jellyfishes.
She needs to undergo operation on her elbows.
Have you ever lied to your boyfriend?
Her medicine is old.
I eat only fresh vegetables.
The rose is blue.
And they continue to do so.
He lost his money last October 25.
Why do you have to work late?
Tomorrow, the students will go across the globe.
My aunt is looking for large brown shorts.
They are eating the breads.
I promised to pay tomorrow.
He eats grape to strengthen his bones.
She was able to cross the Pacific Ocean by boat.
I don't have fruit.
Her body smells bad.
March twenty-seven is the date today.
I will keep our plane tickets.
Where is the guava?
The garlic is yellow.
Refrigerators help to preserve food.
The fifth chair in the middle is broken!
The fifth table on the right is broken.
It's so hard for me to admit that I love you.
The lychee is holy.
If November 8 is Saturday,.
My favorite color is white.
The pear is bland.
She is becoming healthy by eating star apple.
They searched for dentists.
You sold chocolates.
I am actually okay.
The cat's cries echoed.
Madam do you have change?
I have spoon.
November 11 will be Sunday because.
I like spicy food.
What is he eating?
I'm in charge of the book department.
Tom often eats in bed.
You are an aunt.
You should hide under the table.
He's been waiting here for a long time.
He lives in a village near Osaka.
We're already running out of time.
I live in Philippines.
Some bears are white.
My nephew is looking for a medium grey shirt.
Listen now to my second word of wisdom.
The baby deer's mother is in hell.
Please submit your complete application before the deadline.
Can you lend me your pen?
Their new manager seems to be an agreeable fellow.
I went up.
The beetle attends ninja school.
The spider senses danger.
We were colonized by the Spaniards for 300 years.
I am cleaning the house.
He regarded her for a long minute and then smiled.
They fought last December 24 because of money.
They just cooked breakfast.
I want dumplings and sweet potato.
Is this genuine?
He will sell chocolates.
Is there any discount for the hot dog?
We summoned the nurse.
I went for a walk early in the morning.
How much for terapon fish?
You are selling brownies.
Morning of October 21.
Your uncle is good in cooking dinner.
I want to buy one luffa.
You can't always be drunk on a work day Monday.
The lychee is blue.
The coach snake wants to retire.
In his ride along with gaucho in the courtyard to explore geology and collect many fossils, he obtained social, political and anthropological insights from both the natives and conquerors during the revolution and found two types of rhea has separate but joint territories.
You can hardly expect me to help you.
This second computer in the middle is broken.
1st day of June.
many people have told me to take a holiday.
The magical goats' voices is muffled.
The cheap meat will be eaten by me.
I'll check in on you later.
He will go here on November 24.
The banana is cold.
You can cook the fish.
The snake's coach is impressed.
My apartment is on the sixth floor.
My brother is good in cooking breakfast.
She ate the pepper.
Horses eat grass.
The squids won.
Tape it properly.
It will be November 13 next week.
Do you have a pen?
My finger got mild burn from the stove.
How do you feel now?
The magnolia is sweet.
The moth have to answer this letter right away.
I cry every time I listen to this song.
I'm mad at Mary, she ate all of my gulaman in the refridgerator.
I destroyed the glass of milk.
The flies are going to emigrate to America.
how much does one million radish cost?
I learn English twice a week.
Buy Tom a drink.
how much do five squash cost?
They left his medicine.
Where can one buy books?
I already ate dinner.
Is this fresh prawn?
He'll run out of luck sooner or later.
Darwin remained with his independent thinker brother Erasmus, part of this Whig and was close to the writer Harriet Martineau who founded Malthusianism based on controversial Reporter's Laws to prevent welfare that will lead to overpopulation and further discomfort.
They are putting it in the bag.
My uncle is looking for a medium red watch.
My aunt is looking for medium yellow shoes.
It's more fun in Morocco.
I will fry tocino.
Is this fresh garlic chive?
The cat is similar to a king.
We had lunch at your place.
If you are sleeping ninety times in ninety months,.
Many dogs felt discouraged to play.
bitter gourd is expensive.
A young American chemist named Linus Pauling was the worst town in Europe to study in the 1920s.
He will eat cabbage to lose weight.
That is cheap.
Let's stay in tonight.
My grandmother takes twelve medicines every evening.
She has infection in her left shoulder.
You have no taste.
There was a great deal of snow last year.
twenty-second in line.
The dog has a sickness.
The banana is natural.
Can you boil the egg?
I started feeling bad because I ate too much.
You walk frequently.
Can you give me a lift to the station?
I'm very busy.
now I'll rest.
Are you driven?
The scorpion wasn't too busy.
Can I buy the catfish?
You will prepare the ingredients of the dish.
The rats danced all night long.
If you are tarrying three times in three days,.
bottle gourd is expensive.
Can i ask for a discount for the liver spread?
July twenty-one is the date today.
I would like to work on a morning shift.
a piece of cheese.
My uncle is looking for a large cyan pajama.
My nephew is looking for a small blue shirt.
I am eating rice.
The mosquitoes just want to hop into my boat.
Close the door after you.
Stop.
This classroom is so small!
She is asking about the wound in your foot.
We called the dentist.
The horrors our citizens endured under his regime show what happens when a mentally unstable person comes to power".
Here, a stranded DNA straddles around a long circle established by the telemore protein binders.
He gained weight due to his stay in Manila.
The price is good.
They are loading coal into a ship now.
January twenty-five is the date today.
Noon of November 25.
His cousins visited me.
I lost my thirty-seven lamb at 1:00 AM.
November 17 is Thursday.
Many rabbits have never escaped the building.
Buy my last fruit already!
I think your egg still needs a little more frying.
It's already past twelve noon.
She only understood the movie because she had read the book.
My elder brother takes one medicine every evening.
The lime is nutritious.
An hour later she found herself staring vacantly into the fire again.
The main crop of Japan is rice.
You should do that now.
Its name comes from the system information path: the inputs of the process.
How much for emperor fish?
How much for yellowfin tuna?
No one can understand the evil goats.
I am nothing without you.
My mother is looking for a medium magenta shirt.
The worm stole it from tom.
It's already December 22!.
mango is expensive.
I will make your life hell.
They will chop the vegetables.
My favorite color is the color black.
Catholics are against birth control.
Had Susan ever studied Thai before she moved to Thailand?
The following hakbans that are involved in a part of the recombinase lead to the inclusion of two helicopters at a Holliday junction where a segment of a strando per helix is annealed to the complementary strando on the other helix.
Is there any discount for the eggplant?
According to the radio station it will rain tomorrow.
They will fry potatoes.
I saw Tom tonight.
Are you thinking of helping them?
Some spiders train in the forest.
I took paper from the cabinet.
I bit that cake.
My aunt is looking for a large violet sweater.
I am hurting.
The cat went to work.
The star apple is new.
You are making the cheeses.
My mother is looking for a medium brown shirt.
I will give you an award.
A practice match is set for tomorrow.
Some snake saw the routine.
Tom didn't need to come so early.
He needs to undergo operation on his right arm.
They celebrated last April 1.
I want to be good.
My daughter is scared to swim.
We should understand the problem.
More time with you, and they'll be out of the photo.
When will I truly learn?
I made pancakes for dinner.
Did it rain last November 30.
Can you sort my shoes?
The durian is green.
Have you ever had a serious illness?
The soursop is long.
The chemicals that modify our basic lip acids include methylation, phosphorylation, and acetylation.
You can cook dinner.
I like to buy seven big crabs.
I want to buy one turnip.
We had our photo taken on the beach.
I listened to their doctor.
She announced her intention to retire.
We ran out of ink.
Please save me right now and give me eternal life.
I will fry pork.
The cherry is withered.
I will make you mine.
I ate cheap meat.
My niece is looking for large cyan shoes.
I went to Bali on summer holiday.
how much do fifty legumes cost?
Did I fry smoked meat?
Do not write on the chair.
There are some apples in the basket.
My sister is looking for large black shorts.
Go here on November 24.
He often eats there.
The frog jumped and landed in the pond.
Her soul is also probably the soul of a pig.
The sunflower is nutritious.
I'd like to exchange this for Dollars.
She is studying health science.
I have a telephone.
Cook 300 grams of rice.
However, some ecosystems are entirely dependent on energy consumed by chemotroph from methane, sulfides or other energy sources.
He doesn't go to the cinema at all.
The durian is tasteless.
She will need to undergo operation on her eye.
that the Devil loses this battle.
I'd love to see the movie.
The mushroom is delicious.
We fed him biscuits ensuring he accompanied us to the next village, Chucchilan.
Where are my manners?
Some shrimps are better at running.
I just rinsed the ingredients.
I've known Jim since we were children.
They hadn?╟╓t locked the door before their friend arrived.
Grand.
That building has been a popular hangout for teenagers for so long.
She attempted to persuade her father.
My father is looking for a small orange shirt.
It was so cold that I couldn't sleep.
Our discoveries come from different provinces.
Some jellyfishes saw the encounter.
How much for broom?
I stayed.
She will need to undergo operation on her right breast.
Her mother asked her to go to China to consult a doctor.
How much for lady's finger?
You will cook rice.
Can we reschedule our meeting?
Whether rushed or prolonged, there was still the inescapable sensation of falling.
I do not know what you heard, but very well.
The cockroach enters a room.
Cats can see in the dark.
Both are static, frozen.
I like to buy six big pineapples.
July twenty-two is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
One dimension of Darwin's statue is found in the main hall of the Natural History Museum in London.
I have read so many books I can?╟╓t keep count.
How mush does it cost if you break someone?╟╓s heart?
The termite may go out if the rain lets up.
The fly wanted a candle.
I am sure you have been called a conspiracy.
May twenty-five is the date today.
I saw your bag.
Afternoon of November 21.
Let's cook pork stew.
She said that the doctor came from Germany.
The lychee is slippery.
He will make halo-halo.
A friend of mine recently told me about an incident involving students at school.
I wasn't born yesterday!
If December 21 is Saturday,.
You make me smile.
How about we meet tomorrow?
Can you cook the breakfast?
My uncle is looking for large pink clothes.
June twenty-one is the date today.
how much do ten cabbage cost?
The doctor advised him to eat apple.
Can you blame the waiter, though?
Her nose is tall and sharp.
Who will win?
It is hard to ask him for anything.
He's planning to buy a bed before October 27.
Are they leaving next Friday?
Its not just your nose dealing with new sensations here, but also your skin.
I'd like make a tour of the famous sites in London tomorrow.
The dog is younger than my friend's sister.
My father is taking a walk in the park.
It can be seen in this image the anatomy of a pigeon.
What kind of things do you usually eat?
Please conserve water.
The sweet potato is artificial.
I bought breakfast.
Hard exam.
She applied a bandage to the wound.
Will the airport close in November?
how much do sixty strawberry cost?
Courtenay and I shot each other a worried glance.
You'll never walk alone.
I haven't seen him since last Sunday.
Scratch my back and I will scratch yours.
Going down.
I want to buy three papaya.
Did it rain last December 7.
Close your eyes.
Chicken caldereta is my father?╟╓s favorite dish.
Her parents are asking her to go to Germany to consult a doctor.
7th day of July.
I told him to clear out of the room.
I will be here.
There is a wealth of options.
guava is expensive.
We'll catch up later.
Ma'am is very happy with the result.
When I travel, I prefer to travel by air.
About a century later the manor was acquired by the Basset family.
She has tumor in her nose.
Can i ask for a discount for the salt bread?
Have you eaten lunch yet?
The rose is tasteless.
It is fine to lose one of your kidneys.
how much do ninety sesame cost?
Come in here.
I have much respect for all the surgeons who worked overnight.
She lives with the Wilsons.
Her ears hurt.
A ate the bananaof B.
There are many chairs in the classroom.
nailed to the cross and I bear it no more.
I could swim well when I was a child.
She eats milk to have beautiful skin.
She read her diagnosis.
I'll cook you dinner.
Is it still far?
Why is chili appetizing when added to food?
My niece is looking for a small brown pajama.
He will get hurt.
i quarterly look for someone to love me.
The crocodiles roped off part of the street.
She eats banana for faster recovery.
She eats squash to strengthen his immune system.
how much does a billion sugar apple cost?
The train was delayed on account of a heavy snow.
We played.
Noon of October 17.
I want to buy four luffa.
Who am I?
My father takes ten medicines every evening.
He fetched some water from the well.
Can i ask for a discount for the ponyfish?
How many Canadian friends do you have?
How'll you focus on work?
We just drank liquors.
I'd like to buy bay leaf.
We didnt have to keep anyone elses schedule.
Your name is not in today's payroll.
News Anchor: The year is 2017.
The ant decides to leave the village.
Its unsurprising that religion is so prominent in an area.
Korean food is tasty.
You're the cook.
For a brief moment he allowed himself the impossible hope that nobody would answer him.
The light bulb is flickering.
I eat cone even without ice cream.
Because Im almost always straining and flailing, or at least a beat behind, when I come upon someone in Seville.
The cabbage is small.
May is not choosy when it comes to buying rice.
I hurried home.
The deer is the strongest in the school.
The whale want to go there.
When asthma attack occurs, the person will have difficulty in breathing.
They just sold cheap meats.
The print on the paper was bad.
We are leaving at 9 pm.
Tom has called me many times this past week.
I live in Burkina Faso.
The fire is too strong.
He will eat tomato to have beautiful skin.
Go here on November 1.
He can be trusted.
Are they boiling egg?
March ten is the date today.
Do you like the taste of beer?
The car my grandfather is driving is his.
I will not be the one who will be chopping the apples.
I will go to America tomorrow.
how much do twenty onion cost?
One, three, and five are odd numbers.
Is this fresh spiced vinegar?
One of the other team's elephant was the bestfriend of the huge elephant.
I haven't seen him lately.
I like to buy six small chayotes.
The snails elected him chairman.
The teacher said something wrong.
He bought medicine.
On Stalin.
Him, I want him, now, this minute!
Will they buy supper?
The manager put up a notice about the extra holiday.
how much does a sardines cost?
Is there any discount for the shrimp scad?
how much is one kilo of crab?
He is being pushed by his colleagues to be the leader of the team.
Her brother visited me.
The kettle must be boiling.
Today is my father's birthday.
My uncle is looking for small white pants.
The moringga is valuable.
The rabbit discover another note.
He needs to undergo operation on his shoulder.
Try it!
This custom dates from the Edo period.
My brother is looking for small orange clothes.
I don't have cheese.
The middle computer is broken.
My father is looking for medium black shorts.
I want to buy a milkfish.
I don't want to be troubled.
Countless, earnest dreams grew as they were only trampled.
You had used that pen before it was lost.
The mango is yellow.
Where is the fringescale sardinella?
And when I thought about it, I could hardly believe this, either: how wonderful it had been.
Come inside.
Tierone is weak.
The carabaos rode across the mountain.
I'm busy getting ready for tomorrow.
Now I can more vividly determine your identity.
Yes, I like some empanada.
The oleander is red.
Hug your child.
Coconuts are plentiful in the Philippines.
The ice melts quickly.
The pepper is being eaten by you.
What's the date?
How many meals do you usually eat every day?
Why do I need to come early?
We should pay attention to our parent's advice.
Will you cook supper?
Something happened recently.
(1 Thessalonians 1:4) Knowing.
We read his diagnosis.
The new batch of magical bears wear bands.
From where is this winter melon?
Their hospital is clean.
Do not be noisy while exams are ongoing.
He will drink liquors.
Why are you not going?
The durian is big.
The mung bean is raw.
Thus, the ineffective economy is not in line with the GNP of this government.
I'd like to buy fish ball.
Snakes know how to cook.
For how remote the Selous is, getting there is surprisingly easy, which makes me wonder if its days of tranquillity are numbered.
Was Mary shopping when the mall was burning.
My uncle shouldn't have been driving.
how much does one turnip cost?
February four is the date today.
I did it three years ago.
He carved a path of his own.
He wrote the majority of the apex but remained unpublished while he was living.
You cooked the supper?
The monkeys only wrote idle chatter about him in the newspaper.
how much do fifteen guava cost?
Archie speaks arrogantly.
How long have you been dating?
Give an example of an adverb.
You just cooked lunch.
The cherry is weird.
how much does a hundred octopus cost?
You will eat the buko pies.
Some beetles are great ninjas.
My elder sister takes ten medicines every morning.
I will boil the sweet potatoes.
Where will we go now?
The slowest way of suicide was loving you.
Come to the window.
She sings.
Your uncle is good in cooking lunch.
Isn't it?
The fruit will be eaten by him.
Good for his image!
Eat your vegetables.
Do you accept cash?
I can't stand close-minded bosses.
That type of person is skilled in social functions and considerate.
I like short drives.
The worms embraced.
I sleep early.
I do not know what to say.
That is too much vinegar!
The pirate hen wants the fruit.
This fifth computer on the right is broken.
Do what is right.
You have been sliced breads.
you'll see who wins in the end.
Only 37 left.
Some flying fish please.
The meat will be eaten by you.
Can you cook vegetables?
Do you sometimes go abroad on your holidays?
My left foot is numb.
how much do seven orange cost?
How much for coconut husk?
I like to buy seven big eggs.
I'll know tomorrow.
The coconut is destroyed.
The lettuce is reserved.
I hope it'll be fine tomorrow.
The winter melon is fresh.
at a time like this?
I should be drinking milk right now!
She will study medicine in Egypt.
Elegant.
You made the graham cake.
There are five ways to solve this problem.
He ate healthy food.
I?╟╓d like to buy jute.
My aunt is looking for large red pants.
You can cook rice.
New equipment was bought for my room.
I am good in social studies.
legumes is very cheap.
You just sold chocolates.
You fried the potatoes.
9th day of June.
Hurry up.
What became my realization in this journey of mine is to not forget the places that you should really be proud of that can only be found in your land.
The pumpkin is artificial.
You need to do that.
The tiger shoots the ball.
how much is five kilos of apple?
My nephew is looking for a medium yellow shirt.
We're having supper.
He read the book from cover to cover.
They will soak it in soy sauce.
I'm too tired to drive.
The papaya is unripe.
I do not want to go on Tuesday.
Neither Tom nor Mary can speak French.
They are knitting caps for a children's organization.
We are looking for the dentist.
The oregano is beautiful.
He sold his guitar last December 26.
They are alive.
You can fry egg.
My cousin drives a very old car.
Are you interested in Japanese music?
Books before boys because boys bring baby.
Can I sleep on the floor?
He eats radish to get strong.
17th day of June.
Is there any discount for the spanner crab?
Many rooted for good.
Pastor Anderson: This is one of the tools.
How many pieces of endeavor prawn?
The bread was eaten by him.
Don't compare yourself to others.
Do you see what I see?
Everything is set for tomorrow.
Tom recovered quickly.
She said that the doctor will come from Manila.
He just arrived here.
My mother is looking for large black shorts.
The mango is appropriate.
I pity those who have not tasted tsukemen.
The bat like this color as well.
The place is full of pigs.
You are cooking the supper.
It has been seventeen years since I have dentist.
The nut is sour.
I'll give you 2.50 a day.
We need to drink water.
Do you have an internet connection?
You were late yesterday.
White arrow marks show the infection in the same lung, and the formation of the cavity marks the black arrow.
There is eight drugs for her sickness.
Is this fifth chair on the right is broken?
Trees are home to birds.
He is at the pharmacy.
Turn off all appliances before you leave the room.
Did you enjoy your holiday?
I will throw you away as well.
I often eat chicken.
My uncle is looking for small brown shoes.
He will write a book until September 10.
It is in my plans.
Cats are active at night.
He said that the illegal drug is coming from the United States.
Could you tell me where it is?
She is burdened by the pressure from her superiors.
It's sunny all month long except last December 12.
Bananas are delicious.
This job took a toll on my body.
I have to buy one tomorrow.
My brother is looking for a medium violet shirt.
(Revelation 6:13) And the stars of heaven.
I am eating cheap meat.
He said that the doctor is coming from Manila.
In mid-March, Darwin draws his Red Notebook on the possibility that "one species is changing to another" to explain the geographical distribution of living species such as the rhees and the extinct animals such as the peculiar Macrauchenia which looks like a giant guanaco.
The soursop is brown.
Pick a school, buy the uniform, slip into class.
He needs medicine for his hand.
She sold cheap meats.
The can is filled with water.
You can boil the egg for twelve minutes.
My wife is scared to swim in the sea.
We are building.
The nut is costly.
Don't you hate working?
At 12:00 PM, there are twenty-nine shellfish at the bus station.
The goat believed in friendship.
Tomorrow will be November 7.
He really wants to make photography his full-time job.
The lilac is natural.
The eagles clearly take this football thing seriously.
The cheeses will be cut by you.
Let?╟╓s meet on October 23.
The squid stole it from tom.
He lost his money last September 13.
I want to sell less shrimp.
You can cook beef.
You are cooking breakfast.
The turnip is bland.
He eats grape to get strong.
August thirty is the date today.
It will do you good to have a holiday.
how much do three sardines cost?
The termite will not do it again.
I'm not good when it comes to math.
G A kind of sympathetic specification involves intercourse of different types of two related species to create a new hybrid species.
Is there any discount for the chico?
Don't forget me.
Don't be like that.
The school for jellyfishes is closed.
I'll visit you tomorrow.
What did he have to put up with that night?
Can you call me later?
Do you want to change the system?
There is no discount for the durian?
My aunt is looking for a large red pajama.
Some shrimps do not know how to play the game.
The sweet potato is different.
Happy Birthday!
My clothes are tight.
She has infection in her knee.
Am I dreaming?
how much is a kilo of crab?
I play chess.
He will sell his guitar on October 16.
She will need to undergo operation on her right knee.
Classes are suspended.
Take notes regularly instead of putting off everything at the last minute.
I lost my thirty-four silver at 11:00 AM.
The lizard dealt out three candies to each child.
Where did you grow up?
My mother is a very good cook.
Her house is across the river.
She eats garlic to strengthen his bones.
That fourth chair is broken.
Your feet are bigger than mine.
My mother takes eleven medicines every evening.
She forgot to drink his medicine.
how much does thousand lima bean cost?
I heard about the problems Tom caused.
My nephew is looking for medium magenta shorts.
He waited for too long.
I like to buy four small cabbages.
I want to sell one nuts.
How long is he going to stay in Japan?
Do write to me soon again, directing your letter to Boston.
Bears fight cats.
Can I come tomorrow, too?
You are frying the tilapia.
The grades she got were low.
You're very good of doing what you are told.
You ate the fruits.
The pepper is salty.
We're gonna work on a huge compound.
how much do fifty whale shark cost?
how much do twelve papaya cost?
It was during the rainy season three years ago that Tom first met Mary.
The chairs on the right are broken!
Four more days and they would be in Ashley.
I want to eat healthy food.
She fried smoked meat.
My cousin takes seven medicines every afternoon.
Lions skate by sliding.
You cannot help me.
Developers, this is your chance to contribute code and get paid.
He will study medicine in Greece.
Give me a few hours.
Give an example of adverbs.
He is a professional food critic.
She said that the doctor will come from China.
The coconut is beautiful.
The bull is confused.
Mother do you have change?
You can fry the garlic.
The avocado is weird.
Teacher and I spent nine days at Philadelphia.
Can you help me?
the price of durian is getting cheaper.
He just sold cheap meats.
One elephant is known for being able to penetrate the paint.
Which do you want more, waffle or pancake?
I cooked rice.
The will play volleyball.
The ants were cheerful.
This common ancestor strikes or separates various species (species) in the so-called speciation.
How much for spanish mackerel?
A century ago, this was just a small farm town.
Tom will meet me later.
Could I come to eat?
Bob loves to drink coffee during night.
Para daan ba iyan?
I'm drinking liquor.
I'll be in the truck.
You can always count on me but you need to trust me first.
From where is this oyster?
December 5 is the day of his death.
I will change the sentences back to blue once I have updated their corresponding entries in the official database.
The seagulls appointed miss smith chairperson.
We got the wine.
There is a big refrigerator and stove in the kitchen.
I do not know why you had to do it again.
My child takes eight medicines every morning.
Come whenever you want.
I'm sure we can agree on 6.
Yesterday is October 16.
Try as best as you can to meet the needs of your employees.
6th day of August.
There is no hot water in my room.
The soursop is green.
He likes to cook.
I think you're lying.
I was happy this morning.
We used AI to find bugs in codes used by self-driving cars.
We'll talk business later.
She likes eating tamarind that is why she is healthy.
how much do fourteen whale shark cost?
The beetle battles a friend.
We grilled tilapia.
The butterfly do not know if the butterfly still have it.
Come on.
clouds of heaven with power and great glory.
They said that the drug is coming from Egypt.
The cherry is blue.
For example, superlative contact exists between plants and mycorrhizal fungi that grow in roots and helps plant nutrients from the soil.
The goat had a thousand and five hundred cattle.
The eating places at UPTC are expensive.
February five is the date today.
He will eat jackfruit to lose weight.
How much for ponyfish?
I ate the ingredient.
Tom is never late for school.
My elder brother takes seven medicines every morning.
The mung bean is wet.
My elder brother takes eight medicines every evening.
Will you drink water?
I know where you are going.
The cucumber is raw.
Tom was up before morning.
He has also written over one hundred articles in Spanish newspapers.
He expected this to happen yet he didn?╟╓t do anything.
We saw the parade move down the street.
Some evil sheep survive.
My mother is looking for a large black sweater.
Can I have it?
Tom had a problem yesterday.
I do not want to lose you.
You will fry hotdogs.
Is that first table on the left is broken?
Some cats made a name in the basketball industry.
He asked for food.
The kitten has always been lucky.
Our story has ended.
Did he have sandwiches for supper?
They ate lunch in the canteen.
What day is it?
Why did you paint the bench red?
We will fry the hotdogs.
There are two groups of 50 flying to Tampa.
Can we just eat, please?
Do you still have radish?
After all that work, I want to eat some stew.
Your typewriter is old.
What kind of fruit do you like the best?
I have been working as a teacher for 30 years.
I'm very well, thank you.
She said that the doctor came from China.
Are they cooking dinner?
She is very good at studying.
My father is looking for a medium cyan shirt.
I really want a beer.
I have eaten a lot this week.
She is exercising for 3 minutes.
There is no discount for the propane tank?
Some pigs accuse the other of killing.
Go with them.
Most of them were university students.
I accompanied you.
I knew Tom for years.
The pumpkin is hot.
A weird animal appeared.
May I borrow your bicycle?
He is asking about your health.
I was staring at the birds outside the window.
You also do bad sometimes.
A new study of older women living in Australia finds that eating more vegetables might help to prevent clogged arteries.
He was traveling in the Philippines this time last year.
They consulted a doctor in France.
Bees are dangerous when disturbed.
There are 364 days remaining until the end of the year.
Almost everyone likes avocado.
Are all these chairs on the left broken?
You can fry chicken.
We have a short time to live.
The papaya is wet.
How much for mung bean sprouts?
They fought last October 11 because of money.
The snail somehow understand your feelings.
I lost my fifty trousers at 6:30 PM.
He will cook the breakfast.
The color of the table is brown.
are you buying shrimp?
I'd like to know the rest of the story.
Almost.
I drive a black car.
He died three years ago.
He will sell his guitar on October 10.
I'll call you up later.
They went and bought my chocolates after getting to taste them.
I ate your brownie.
Go here on October 13.
Is the first chair broken?
Tom thinks it's a good idea.
She acknowledged his help in her book.
The dog is nervous.
I don't eat food with gravy.
The teacher stressed the importance of daily practice.
He fried egg.
Cowards!
Paul celebrated his pet's birthday last month.
truly saved.
The scorpion wish Beth were here with me now.
My sister is looking for a large white sweater.
There is no discount for the jute?
My mother is looking for medium yellow pants.
The mung bean is big.
My baggage has been damaged.
I like to buy nine big star apples.
Time itself is singing.
The conclusion is "the man of all his great qualities, with a sympathetic sympathy for the least, with goodness extending to empty flesh to other people but to the humble creature, with such a god of intelligence that penetrated the actions and constitutions of the solar system-to all the exalted powers-the person still carries on his physical structure the unobtrusive sign of his low origin. ".
The man was hiding in a dense forest.
I don't care where we eat dinner.
My name is Zildjian.
The difficult lessons did not come out in the exam.
She is eating cheap meat.
Some ducks got injured.
The monkeys opposed any further spread of slavery.
People walk by when it is late.
The weird bird continues to kill birds.
The dog ate bread.
She will eat cucumber to get strong.
He found the lessons that were dull and the curiosity was disturbed so he abandoned his studies.
She said that the illegal drug is coming from Greece.
We know that Michael Jackson had sleepovers with pubescent boys.
I didn't know it before.
I'd like to buy mudfish.
Where is the fourfinger threadfin?
I took a photo.
Hey wait, hold this.
He will eat grape for faster recovery.
The answer is right.
What did you say?
My mother is looking for small black shoes.
My name is Romar.
My mother is looking for a large blue pajama.
It happened so quickly.
How much for banana heart?
When will your siblings come?
I overslept because I stayed up late.
He never travels without taking an alarm clock with him.
We ate dumplings at the Area 2.
a glass of orange juice.
It's already September 5!.
Do you want to buy flowers?
She can dance.
Tom will be in later.
I'm having dinner with Tom tomorrow.
Go to sleep whenever you want.
Water is drunk.
The orchid is black.
Her father asked her to go to Japan to consult a doctor.
There is a war now against Napoleon.
Few people live to be 100 years old.
She has quadruplets.
Walk slowly.
Evidence from geographical distribution All organisms fit their surroundings.
He was drunk.
Keep on scratching.
Some evil birds survive.
You marry an American.
My elder brother takes thirteen medicines every morning.
How many pieces of grouper?
When will he answer?
The dog likes gossip.
Can you cook well?
I've worked here for nine years.
We were brought to our house by the beautiful cousin of my friend.
Nobody had.
Tom almost forgot about the meeting.
The rain has let up, so we can begin.
The seagulls often heard him speak ill of others.
You are good at this.
I will close the window.
Her father asked her to go to Italy to consult a doctor.
She thanked the doctor.
They said that the drug came from the United States.
Communists took power in China in 1949.
Maria could not eat nuts.
The rival shark won.
Extra rice please!
We must act at once.
One day our Emperor gives it.
Have you ever eaten whale meat?
What's new?
Serve hot with steamed rice.
Did you give my change?
Afternoon of November 19.
Tom put his hand on Mary's shoulder.
When will you go home?
The radish is ripe.
You ate the meat.
I like to buy six small rambutans.
She will make leche flan.
My salary has arrived already.
There is nothing like summer and ice cream.
Can you cook the vegetables?
The deer discover a body.
Some sharks hate bikes.
These are the wounds engraved on my brown skin.
We live here.
The coconut is thirsty.
The death of the famous novelist remained a mystery.
Your arms are hairy.
He ran to the canteen.
A big demon appeared.
The moth wrote the answers carefully.
Ten minutes later, all the young Melyukovs joined the mummers.
He will eat eggplant to lose weight.
I'd like a money order for ten dollars.
If only I was diligent in my childhood.
Are you done yet?
Nowadays many people traveled by car.
How much for jasmine rice?
Did it snow yesterday?
We could not find the doctor.
In this place there were old Igorot where you can ask them to take a picture.
From 2:00 AM to 12:30 PM.
It is a good idea.
Can you cook the dinner?
The wolf have no more time to talk with you.
I like to buy eight big okras.
Must we follow all his hogwash?
There must be some firm that prefers humans to machines.
Keep quiet.
Sometimes I buy breakfast there.
It'll take you days to finish this job.
I'll let you know tomorrow.
The mustard is reserved.
Tom isn't a very good cook.
The tomato is tasteless.
The watermelon is cold.
I had no idea what had stepped on what outside.
That first chair is broken.
We've forgotten the milk.
I am driving now.
The empanadas that we made taste good.
There are cheap food places at Maginhawa.
It's almost night.
I will go to work by train.
An example is the release of glucagon when sugar levels are extremely low.
Success depends mostly on effort.
As usual, Tom was late.
They will sell the meats.
lima bean is expensive.
Some lions are happy with the pictures.
I'll return home tomorrow.
They will drink his royal.
You have nothing to say.
He is eating a cupcake.
I want to buy two rambutan.
Where is the surgeonfish?
Willarski was going to Moscow and they agreed to travel together.
the first album ever to send five singles to the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
I am longing for your kiss.
The guava is fragrant.
She's still a student and very young.
On February 2.
My uncle is looking for a small yellow pajama.
there is an exchange of goods and services.
are you buying kidney bean?
They are accompanying you.
Tom was fired from his job.
Her wallet suddenly disappeared.
His boss is a known bookworm.
Almost no one believed him.
I also heard a similar story.
This is because they will be your companion in all the problems you will face.
Will he join us?
Do you still have avocado?
My sister is looking for a small brown watch.
He understood the math test because he had been tutored all week.
We are going to Sagada this May.
In the publication of The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex in 1871, Darwin laid out evidence from various references that humans are animals that demonstrate the continuity of the physical, mental and characteristic is presented with sexual selection to explain the imprastial characteristics of animals such as peacock plates as well as cultural evolution of humanity, gender differences, and physical and cultural traits while emphasizing that people are all one species.
On 1259, Michael VIII Palaiologos was proclaimed co-emperor of the Empire of Nicaea with his ward John IV Laskaris.
Where is the water?
You don't need to make a decision now.
She gained weight due to her stay in Spain.
The apple is fresh.
We continue trekking the steep incline.
Do you have change?
It was almost noon by the time Tom woke up.
It's sunny all month long except last October 26.
Can?≥t you sit down?
You don't need to carry breakfast with you.
My cubicle is full of unprocessed documents.
I am the one who was called by him by him.
I was drinking coffee while I was working on my computer.
The lice want to eat steak.
The okra is dusty.
Did you collect all of the questionnaires?
Yesterday is November 28.
Do you have egg?
He lost his money last November 19.
Where is the trevally fish?
how much do thirteen mango cost?
Please cook the dessert.
When he read a paper by Alfred Russel Wallace, "On the Law which has Regulated the Introduction of New Species," he saw Darwin's similarities in his mind and urged him to print it to lay it down first.
how much do sixty apple cost?
You enjoy it most of the time.
There is no discount for the goldlined spinefoot?
The ingredients will be eaten by you.
He should be angry.
I want to sell less apple.
This is a pen.
i saw her for eight years annually.
Can you fry the smoked meat?
Drink some tea.
Can you cook lunch?
I'd prefer meat to fish.
Z has only one child.
How do I recover my account password?
how much does a billion malay apple cost?
There is no discount for the coriander?
The crickets came in.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Tunisia.
The centipede's bestfriend has no musical background.
He is on his way to Egypt to consult a doctor.
We should've left earlier.
The guava is juicy.
For the next week, she tried to stay too busy to not think about him.
He takes seven drugs for his disease.
Now a bullet through my brain.
Its not too long ago when I met a new friend who also likes playing instruments.
Sometimes she talks religion with a visitor, sometimes architecture or the atomic age.
How much for squid?
The bat can't believe you're giving up.
Is this fresh round cabbage?
My uncle is looking for a medium green bag.
Is that fourth chair on the left is broken?
You do not think.
His father and grandfather were independent thinkers and his baptism and boarding school the Church of England.
All of the people who say that siopao is made from cats are liars.
The water spirit is a spider.
I wonder if Tom is trying to kill me.
We broke his finger.
Will you be here this leaving Thursday?
Since early morning he and his party had been on the move.
how much do eleven sugar apple cost?
This is the camera which I bought yesterday.
Why did you go to the dentist?
I'll call you at noon.
Will they cook pork?
You are frying dried fish.
I want to sell less fish.
The mango is sticky.
My father is looking for medium cyan clothes.
I want to sell more sardines.
I want to find out what kind of food Mary wants to eat.
I'm out of tea.
The cucumber is spicy.
For school you don't need tuition money, just a uniform.
One wish for everyone's safety.
He has been sleeping for thirty-one hours at the domestic airport.
Is this possible to do?
My aunt is looking for a medium magenta watch.
Tom and Mary spent a year traveling around the world.
Where are they eating?
A lot of birds do not know the notebook.
I am starting it with me.
Speciation may occur from various causes and are classified in different forms.
What time are we going to leave tomorrow?
Add to the contents of the bulletin board.
The turnip is wet.
I like to buy ten big eggplants.
The oleander is beautiful.
I like to buy three big avocados.
The wolf listen to music.
Your clothes are loose.
They got cramps.
It goes through the sensory route of vision or sometimes touch.
He got up in the morning.
How much for mackerel scad?
January three is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
Have you seen this?
There is no discount for the hot dog?
My big sister is scared to swim in the sea.
I wish you could have seen him pitch.
how much do five garlic cost?
Where can I get information on their tours?
This food is terrible.
She always feeds her child with banana to grow faster.
William does not like the smell of oregano.
I like you.
The lemon is bland.
December 4 is Tuesday.
I want to hold you before you disppear.
Some spiders are sad.
Will you be fetched soon?
I love my dad.
How much is the parking fee?
People will try to fool you.
squid is the cheapest.
There's no urgency.
I will have read at least 500 books by the end of the year.
He is questioning the surgeon.
Let's eat at Jollibee!
Is the rice already cooked?
He just made cheeses.
A closed-loop controller uses feedback to control states or systems of a dynamic system.
I want to just ask people.
The ingredient will be eaten by her.
My niece is looking for a medium brown shirt.
The mushroom is ripe.
A common remedy or cough reduction is to take cough medicine, such as cough syrup or cough syrup.
crab is very cheap.
I do that once a week.
My cousin takes three medicines every evening.
He snores.
The porridge that she sells is delicious.
February thirteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
His arms are big.
He will fry hotdogs.
I like to buy nine big onions.
Her parents are asking her to go to England to consult a doctor.
Tom can't quite believe that Mary is really going on a date with him this Friday night.
My uncle is looking for a large violet watch.
Now I have reinforcements.
My father takes seven medicines every morning.
The cricket have to pull a ripcord to start my lawn mower.
We are on our way to his doctor.
From where is this terapon fish?
They drank her medicine.
Is there any discount for the napa cabbage?
October 5 is Tuesday.
Is there any discount for the spinach?
black plum is the cheapest.
Let's get something to eat.
Can you lend me some money?
June eighteen is the date today.
Where is the parking?
They fought last December 18 because of money.
Does the bulletin board already have contents?
When does it start snowing?
She needs medicine for her ears.
how much does a hundred sugar apple cost?
The purpose of these exercises is to reduce the number of breaths.
The turtle is leading the race.
I ran like lightning.
We come to school frequently.
Ken will be 15 next year.
I forgot to bring my pen.
I looked at the calendar on my phone and counted with my index finger the number of days left of my trip. Eleven.
how much do forty luffa cost?
You will go with me.
My elder sister takes nine medicines every afternoon.
I bent over and felt the grains turn the thin folds of skin on my stomach into fewer and fatter ones.
You cannot save me.
Fishing is my favorite hobby.
A few seconds passed.
The mosquito went to Kyoto by car.
We're almost there, I remember whispering to the kids.
The catfish is very big.
This custom dates back to the 12th century.
I need to do well.
I lost my money.
He is your companion.
He will drink at eight in the evening.
We met a few weeks ago.
His parents asked him to go to Egypt to medicine there.
I want to sell two sardines.
Fix the table for lunch.
When are you busy?
Do you have time to listen to me?
Bible defines itself.
Some hens have different goals.
We have a new table.
Afternoon of November 2.
My mother is cooking breakfast.
He needs medicine for his kidneys.
The cherry is black.
From where is this grouper?
Before you point out other people's shortcomings, correct your own first.
were you busy yesterday?
It's already September 4!.
He ground peppers.
I was supposed to go there but it's far.
The frog wants to be an exorcist.
I didn't go to work on Sunday.
I just arrived yesterday.
Let's drive to the bay.
She has infection in her right ear.
The lettuce is hot.
They did not wish to go any farther.
He is still taking a bath.
The whale had eaten lunch.
Will you boil egg?
The coconut is hot.
Performers put in huge amounts of time and dedication to pleasing their fans.
I will make the cheeses.
December fourteen is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
how much do fourteen wax gourd cost?
I listened to his doctor.
Go with her instead.
My father is suffering from influenza.
Will they boil egg?
Someone sent you something.
Only 41 left.
The camels meant well.
I calculate equations.
I wanted to reprimand her, but she disconnected from the call.
The form of mutation exists in 99 live tomcods in this river compared to less than 10 percent of tomcods from other waters.
The watch was not to be found anywhere.
The ants just want to talk to you.
I bought the last buko pie.
Are you going to the next post office later at 6:00 AM.
I loved you.
Too much sugar could lead to diabetes.
You are pitiful.
Is there any discount for the cooking oil?
Chopped tomatos.
He traveled to Hawaii with the family.
They are gathering.
Our teacher gave us a group work.
The bear leaves the bulls.
Her parents are asking her to go to Japan to consult a doctor.
The bear is a good example of a large animal.
The scorpion's team arrive at the village.
Nobody called.
That's a fair price.
I was supposed to go there because it's near.
The village was isolated by the heavy storm.
Will we be in touch with each other someday?
This place is Picnic Groove.
They fought last December 6 because of money.
Long ago, almost everyone farmed.
He eats mango for faster recovery.
This is tiring.
how much do eighteen tamarind cost?
And anyone who won't worship him can't.
The oleander is salty.
Sunday closest to 2 July is on July 2.
The macaroni that I made taste bad.
How many pieces of snapper?
Do you still have pigweed?
Our lunch for tomorrow is meat vegetable stew with shrimp paste.
In the pocket.
You don't have to do anything that you don't want to do.
I am memorizing.
Some frogs appear friendly.
What do you want to do in the future?
The dog is looking at the colorful explosion.
My mother takes nine medicines every morning.
We cannot do anything.
We need to stay alive.
They fought last October 1 because of money.
He has the habit of reading the newspaper during meals.
You're after Tom.
While he was living in Paris, Bruno created his first perfumes.
Tomorrow is Mother's Day.
She is dead.
You can cook adobo.
Can your dad drive a car?
The squid saw him after ten years.
Can i ask for a discount for the radish?
Please fry the hotdog.
My niece is looking for a medium orange sweater.
My father is looking for small pink shorts.
But who can say what the atmosphere is like there now, when you read this, at your desk, dreaming of exotic locales in far off places?
March thirty-one is the date today.
He proposed that we take a small break.
All people have a responsibility in this world.
I hope I will.
Where is the long-jawed mackarel?
It has been thirty-two days since I have money.
My mother is looking for a small grey sweater.
He is an electrical engineer who is passionate in solving problems.
I need to brush my teeth already because I just ate.
I go to school early.
Where is the cuttlefish?
My child takes eleven medicines every morning.
The dog has a wound that has not healed yet.
I like to buy five small papayas.
Have you ever seen a koala?
We are continuing his research.
You need a drink.
On October 25.
The tamarind is effective.
The dog came back.
Here, the effector founder causes rapid speciation after an increase in sexual intercourse increases the selection of homozygote leading to rapid genetic change.
What can you say about our breakfast?
The tiger's floorball stick is heavy.
My dog is sleepy.
Is it allowed to go later?
The goat has a dream.
Tom works the evening shift.
Please send this package right away.
how much does one billion bitter gourd cost?
The dog is older than my brother.
Tom taught Mary how to cook.
She will need to undergo operation on her elbow.
The mosquitoes never could keep a secret.
Eight fingers.
Tom didn't eat his salad.
I bought a new pair of leather shoes.
The ginger is blue.
The frog used the sword.
From where is this trevally fish?
Two hours?
The snake's coach is happy with the routine.
The second chair is vacant.
I can be your hero.
That buko pie is his.
How much for fermented anchovy paste?
Is there any discount for the maned goby fish?
in our lifetime.
Pastor Jimenez: What we learn from this passage.
Does the law allow it?
Caldereta is very tasty.
The camels were so terrified that they hid behind one another.
The teachers are operating the vote counting machines.
I cook almost every day.
Tom doesn't feel like eating.
Death will separate us.
I want lunch in my room.
You are drinking your cocktail.
Yesterday, we studied English.
He is in the hospital because of his right kidney.
Can you get the key?
he interrupted me once again.
Yet he was our dearest friend.
I do not know how to whistle.
I don?≥t know you.
Shake your hips.
They feel much better.
You do not need to do that.
Hold on, Bess.
He is looking for a woman.
starfruit is the cheapest.
This new employee is inexperienced.
She needs to undergo operation on her shoulder.
They're offering him a first name in the company.
They asked for medicine.
We made the ice cream.
We ate dinner outside under a sky smeared with stars.
He stole my sandwich.
The okra is unripe.
Are you going to eat?
The eggplant is natural.
The fifth chair on the left is broken.
My nephew is looking for a large yellow bag.
The doctor advised him to eat grape.
Let?╟╓s have lunch together.
I?╟╓d like to buy jamaica cherry.
He lost his money last November 25.
An unnerving grey looming above, hills rolling past in a haze, speckles of rain clinging on to the windowpane.
I'll eat lunch first.
Did it rain last September 2.
My passport is missing.
You are not the only one who feels difficulty.
Where is the ruler kept?
There is no discount for the brocolli?
Go train with him.
Can i ask for a discount for the red onions?
He eats star apple to have beautiful skin.
There is no discount for the red bigeye fish?
The fish unleashes its blue flames.
We are staying with their families.
We'll deal with this later.
Is this fresh toothpony fish?
The wolf like your way of smiling.
The next station is where you get off.
The cashew is prohibited.
It's already September 24!.
I sent you something.
She smiled at the sight of her mother.
It will be October 20 next week.
The okra is expensive.
Is this your first time in the Philippines?
If it's not yet October 12,.
Her mother is asking her to go to England to consult a doctor.
It is fun to speak in English. (NekoKanjya).
I can cook beef.
From where is this round scad?
The dragonfly is going to a school.
The mustard is green.
The whale like the dog.
I won't leave tomorrow morning.
The oat is dusty.
Is there any discount for the snail?
You know I don't eat meat.
He went to England to consult a doctor.
Could you try again?
The corn is yellow.
The mustard is healthy.
The sweet potato is destroyed.
Tom likes to look at pictures of cats.
They played rugby.
She will eat cabbage to strengthen his bones.
The bananas are yellow.
The ants will survive.
Milk is important for our growth.
The lemon is thick.
how much do sixty sesame cost?
Where is the parrotfish?
I can help.
The lemon is dirty.
They talked last March 12.
The coconut is famous.
It's up to you to decide what to do.
I am thinking of going abroad.
They are swimming in the sea.
Let's prepare duck.
It's already December 18!.
I like to buy two big soursops.
2 eggs.
The rose is valuable.
Do you ever go to an Indian restaurant?
Don't let me go.
The cherry is ugly.
Why did I see something different?
I want to go on a vacation next year in Barbados.
Is Tom a common name in your country?
You can boil egg.
The manager was seen leaving the office at 2 PM.
I'm tearing up from chopping the onions.
My pencil broke.
You will cook rice.
My parents send you their best regards.
Some weeks passed.
Noon of December 25.
Students want to learn.
I should have drunk water earlier.
I've just finished dinner.
She wasn't done eating.
The cucumber is destroyed.
The swan's ball is red.
Continuing his research in London, Darwin's extensive reading now includes the sixth edition of Malthus's An Essay on the Principle of Population.
The rival puppy is a keeper.
The strawberry is cold.
It may be tempting to squeeze a pimple.
He has been sleeping for forty-one months at the next ATM.
I eat breakfast before work.
His mother is good in cooking breakfast.
The eagle will call you when the eagle have done my shopping.
September 11 will be Sunday because.
This typewriter has seen plenty of use.
He is dumb.
This ripoff is inferior to the real product.
Tell me what you know.
I already had a lot of popcorn.
He will go here on November 25.
Today is Tuesday.
Our abilities are lacking.
Do you still have mung bean sprouts?
You will be amazed by the beauty of the view that you can see.
Keep on cutting.
The light is given by him.
In the United States, most goods still travel by railroad.
If it's not yet November 7,.
How many pieces of pork hock?
how much is six kilos of worm?
Do I have to wear that?
The mung bean is valuable.
My mother is looking for a small grey bag.
I want boiled egg.
He needs to drink medicine.
Don't you ever give up?
Sisig is fatty.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Croatia.
The crocodiles can't do anything else.
Don't go out to eat.
Do you want to send me a text later?
You might end up in prison.
Their decades-old oppressive government is incrementally easing up.
There are guests in school.
The deer wakes up.
Bears store fat in their bodies.
He will study medicine in Japan.
The swan fights hard.
She will soak it in broth.
Tom's parents don't like me.
You need to be gracious.
The rabbit gets into the boat.
Pastor Anderson: So.
Is there any discount for the bamboo shoot?
We can use the Internet to help end poverty.
I can cook adobo.
December 5 is Monday.
My brother is looking for large black pants.
how much do seventeen ginger cost?
His parents approve of the engagement.
Is that fifth chair on the left is broken?
how much do fifteen crab cost?
She slept in this room.
You can boil the egg for seven minutes.
She will comprehend the question.
I need to speak to Tom immediately.
He will eat pineapple to avoid sickness.
I have cough for six weeks.
The crocodiles just want to talk to him.
Throw away.
Do you have knife?
If you will study this, you can pass.
Many centuries have passed before they were able to fight for their rights.
He often eats cabbage to be healthy.
It is November 20 when.
They hallucinated.
How much for native horseradish leaves?
You made salad.
40 bundles of cartolina.
Do you like some empanada?
He is showering her.
Prepare the budget for next week.
They looked for the doctor.
The room is empty.
It is like you are already old.
There is an extra pillow.
One life for many lives.
The monkey knows how to steal.
Can you organize the files?
how much do fourteen guava cost?
We may be able to see Korea here.
I just want to be in a quiet place for a while.
how much do thirty wax gourd cost?
Our teacher saw a sixth grader doing tenth grade math.
Your friends are asking about your skin disease.
Halo-halo is nice during summer.
Walk three more blocks and you will find the museum on your left.
There are peppers that sister bought in the refridgerator.
He has tumor in his left kidney.
I doubt whether he will win both races.
An example of such speciation is when species of Arabidopsis thaliana and Arabidopsis arenosa are strangled to form new Arabidopsis suecica species.
My nephew is looking for small cyan pants.
Have all your liquors been bought?
You can cook supper.
What's your email address?
The third chair is vacant.
I want to buy four sugar apple.
Let's move him slowly.
She was able to finish only half.
I don't agree with him.
My brother is looking for a large yellow pajama.
We are all equal before the law and are entitled to equal protection of the law.
in Christ shall rise first.
I should have drunk coffee!
Her body will get stronger if she eats milk.
We're going to need food.
The pineapple is cooked.
Today is December 1.
The snails sat in the shade of that big tree.
My son takes three medicines every afternoon.
Where are you now?
October twenty-three is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
80000 graduates.
Martha's pending due date was an incentive to Betsy.
I met him yesterday.
My nephew is looking for small yellow shorts.
Id learned to not count the last day, since Id be at the airport, excited to be home.
What do you think of his suggestion?
I leave on Monday.
I have some advice for you.
I'm the one who knows those things.
It's more fun in Fiji.
I have really enjoyed staying with you.
Please cook rice.
Please wear your sun glass.
I want to sell more octopus.
The mosquitoes do many things together.
He is constantly disturbed with the problem of evil.
how much is two kilos of manila bean?
Please cook the beef.
how much do sixty pineapple cost?
Who is your favorite teacher?
I cannot hear what the professor is saying.
They praised the doctor.
The cat likes to live in the box.
The brownies will be eaten by them.
Some ducks saw the performance.
It's great to eat with your family.
How much for sardine?
His siblings asked him to go to England to consult a doctor.
I will sweep the floor.
The watermelon is thick.
i went out for eight minutes and this happened?
That's easy to learn.
Tapsilog, a combination of tapa, fried rice, and egg, is usually eaten during breakfast.
I'll pay.
The purple yam is bitter.
The work must be finished before noon.
Our daughters visited me.
I want to sell four worm.
The monkeys hope the dog and the cat know how fix this.
They held the conference at the province's capital.
She will go with us.
The scouts got interested.
If you are eating forty-eight times in forty-eight minutes,.
You can buy a bibingka from the province as a gift when returning home.
We expect answers almost every day.
and they say you cannot come to school unless.
How would you know if he's the one for you?
She ate meat.
The taro is famous.
She got her disease in Egypt.
Do you still have spinach?
The avocado is small.
You know what I mean.
We swam last April 23.
The tables are broken!
My uncle is excited to swim.
I have no time to see you.
I?╟╓ve been reading that book you lent me.
Is she joining you?
I want to sell less tomato.
The tiger's doctor is old.
From where is this philippine blackberry?
The cafeteria's primary problem is its quality.
Food needs to be cooked for it to last.
We are taking his blood pressure.
The fence was not able to protect the dog.
He was recognized for what he has done in behalf of the poor.
cabbage is not that expensive.
beast before him.
Man of TV: 95% of the transactions in America.
October 22 will be Sunday because.
John followed the command of his father.
So every time I buy a can, I make money.
We're rotting in the corner.
September 17 is Monday.
I'd like to buy fish sauce.
I have just eaten.
Can i ask for a discount for the eggs?
Is that middle chair on the right is broken?
How much for chinese celery?
He is cooking soup.
The rats adore her.
Switched DNA In DNA, fraying occurs when non-complementary regions exist at the end of complementary DNA double strand.
Cook until they soften.
The wolf should ask.
Where is the white cheese?
I used to talk way too much.
I'm leaving on Sunday.
You cheated.
Twenty-four.
how much do eighty jackfruit cost?
The lions are scared.
I won't tell anybody.
Since I came here, I need to try it.
It has been forty-seven minutes since I have black pepper.
At least not in Spain.
Are all these chairs in the middle broken?
If you don't know, can you make a guess?
Is it more or less than an ice-cream cone?
Look at me.
Have you made sure the door is locked?
View our latest job openings.
The nut is cold.
I liked your friends.
If it's not yet December 21,.
My brother is looking for a small yellow watch.
The bear knows how to take care of children.
She cannot concentrate.
The ant lives in a village.
Is this third computer on the right is broken?
You will drink your wine.
I'm afraid I've run short of coffee.
You just cooked lunch.
at the time of Christ or thereabouts because.
The lizard found a good Mexican restaurant.
Go up.
I like to buy nine big soursops.
Where should the copies be located?
The papaya is shiny.
If he hadn't been tired, he would've gone.
This third chair in the middle is broken.
I will sell the buko pies.
Please fry the beef.
My coworkers sent me a "get well soon" card.
You can't eat anymore.
She went to the office.
My uncle is looking for large violet clothes.
He has tumor in his arm.
April fifteen is the date today.
I work until very late.
The eagle wonder whether the dog forgot to tell.
She said that the illegal drug came from Germany.
strawberry is cheaper.
You will sell the meats.
The rice you cooked has an excessive measurement of water.
Which day of the week today?
There's buy-one-take-one shawarma in front of Heets.
Tom had snacks.
The termite believe in god.
He is in the hospital because of his right testicle.
She became sick because of the tomato you gave.
You have been sold cupcakes.
The train was on time.
The lime is sweet.
The middle chair on the right is broken.
He might say something ambiguous again.
No parking.
His new novel will come out next month.
This is an example of implicit bias.
Is the fifth computer on the left is broken?
See a doctor today.
My daughter takes nine medicines every morning.
Is there any discount for the safflower?
Go here on November 8.
The outing was bad.
His parents are asking him to go to Germany to consult a doctor.
Can I prepare the dish?
My sister is looking for large orange shoes.
The grouping is in accordance with their external characteristics and is consistent with the production of their DNA.
The snake is a lawyer.
Some frogs use water.
The ice cream is delicious and tasty.
The chocolates will be eaten by you.
Yes I can reach that.
From where is this moonfish?
We won in gambling.
He is absorbed in the study of Latin.
Monday morning, I taught a class.
She will eat squash because she wants to be healthy.
My mother is looking for a large red bag.
I didn't have a good time last Sunday.
July 27th.
Go here on November 25.
How dare you barge in?
There was a lot of confusion, No, no, they said.
Did you chopped already the ingredients?
Never pictured yourself hitchhiking?
You can count on me.
How long have you been living in San Francisco?
No words can relieve her deep sorrow.
The dog is not writing an essay on a piece of paper.
Tomorrow will be October 26.
If her husband is in a foul mood, she says to him, (Walk that you dont have a fury).
The fly hope the dog is in Boston next Monday.
My elder sister takes five medicines every afternoon.
Can I cook rice?
The pumpkin is beautiful.
The ant discovers another spirit.
to the post-trib.
how much do twenty sesame cost?
Let?╟╓s meet on November 15.
Tara, this is our neighbor Danny.
She has been sold fruits.
But now something strange was happening to his troops.
There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
Be earlier in waking up so you can still eat breakfast!
There are new equipment in the laboratory.
The questions were not made well.
I've reduced the amount of meat I eat.
I don't worry so much about my resume.
Can I clear my conscience, if I'm different from the rest.
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes.
The pie's delicious.
The company was sued for copyright infringement.
September 20 is the day of his death.
Can i ask for a discount for the round scad?
My aunt is looking for small magenta pants.
My niece is looking for medium white clothes.
Can i ask for a discount for the starapple?
I ran into my aunt by chance in Europe.
He will go here on November 4.
The adventure of life is to learn.
There is a list of materials that we need to buy.
The cabbage is heavy.
how much is nine kilos of tamarind?
I won a free gift card from our company's Christmas raffle.
You will drink liquor.
Why do you think obesity is becoming such a problem in the United States and throughout the world?
These chairs in the middle are broken.
wax gourd is expensive.
Do you still have flounder?
We wanted to surf at Sabang beach.
The airport was closed because of the fog.
I like to buy four big soursops.
His parents asked him to go to France to consult a doctor.
How long have we been friends?
My father is looking for a small pink bag.
Would you like to have a cup of tea?
The cats met after the game.
I am not your obligation.
She had just finished her lunch.
The weird hen continues to kill hens.
The lizard line separates the beast and great diamonds about 15-20 million years ago.
how much is five kilos of sardines?
The beauty of the water is extraordinary because it removes fatigue.
She stayed at the hotel for several days.
Did I join you?
He felt happy and at the same time sad.
The coconut is dusty.
Its sort of like a Hollywood entrance.
She always takes nine drugs for her disease.
The dragon is an imaginary creature.
She must have done it yesterday.
She will go to Italy to consult a doctor.
August 17th.
are you buying sesame?
are you buying bottle gourd?
When I first met Tom, I was eighteen.
He will eat star apple to get strong.
The mustard is bitter.
The moringga is ugly.
He said that the doctor came from the United States.
The turnip is sweet.
But it looks like the food in Japan is more expensive.
The dog remembered that it should go to the hospital.
He did not finish college.
They have to stop eating.
Pastor Jimenez: It is a ridiculous way to.
On May.
Or is it few that are saved Who here thinks.
Sun Tzu wrote The Art of War.
Many do not know the magical goats.
The hen loves to kill for its friends.
Is the fifth chair in the middle is broken?
Their nurse called.
I will answer the homework.
Nomenclature for strong nuclear forces is called quanine chemistry, and explains the subnuclear components of the particles: kwarks and gluons.
She is frying the potatoes.
June 15th.
I have not failed.
orange is cheaper.
The cats went on their separate ways.
The spirit ant is good at fighting.
I like to buy eight big avocados.
We discussed the new plan yesterday.
My grandmother takes one medicine every morning.
Time has passed by.
Squids eat fish.
Take a second to fix things.
If you are living abroad, what is the food that you miss most from home?
The dragonfly wakes up.
The boiled squash is so soft in your mouth.
The lizard love astronomy.
Do you still have flour?
Is the fourth computer broken?
No one knows what has happened to him.
They are finsihed eating.
The elephant will fight anyone who gives jokes.
because it is a position that is based.
The cows eat together.
The squid love you more than you love me.
My grandmother likes to cook.
Am I cooking beef?
Is there a smoking area here?
We should drink six to eight glasses of water everyday.
how much do ten melon cost?
Morning of October 8.
He has three son.
We made the halo-halo.
They were separated into two groups.
Bring a mirror.
I want to buy more manila bean.
The sweet potato is salty.
I have a man coming out here tomorrow for the job.
I will go to America.
What is your favorite team?
It's a no-brainer.
Ducks can handle the cold.
We ate the brownies.
It was fun, beautiful sights and memories we brought home.
He needed to undergo operation on his testicles.
I want to play tennis with you someday.
You are frying egg.
From where is this ponyfish?
I bought it yesterday.
how much is four kilos of pineapple?
She has work at 7 AM but is still awake at 3.
Who fell?
He will go here on December 17.
how much do ten durian cost?
I checked the directory and found her name.
They will eat vegetables.
Where is the grouper?
She pulled her sweater on.
Please cook the liver and intenstines of the chicken now.
I almost left my umbrella in the train.
We are slicing breads.
how much do nine whale shark cost?
The sharks agree to face each other again.
He is studying medicine in England.
She mixed the ingredients.
I'm washing my face.
I want to sell four shark.
Marinate the cured pork for two days.
Helen had a letter this morning from her uncle.
He felt humiliated for his mediocrity.
My daughter takes seven medicines every evening.
The coconut is dirty.
I've been to many beaches.
The bear destroyed the wall.
The mung bean is withered.
If you want more followers on social media, create videos and articles regularly.
The papaya is cold.
I have plans tonight.
From where is this fish ball?
You are unlucky.
I live in Romania.
Natural selection does not create the organisms that fit perfectly into their environment.
Why are you speaking Japanese to Tom?
Some chicks are caught cheating.
Is December 15 Friday.
She eats milk because she wants to be healthy.
Right now she wanted to talk to Dulce.
Sing me to sleep.
Some hens wants to find a partner.
He is pretty much flawless.
You make me happy.
I can cook dinner.
December 20 will be Sunday because.
Mary took out the eggs one by one.
Can I fry hotdog?
How much for mushroom?
They will cook pork adobo.
your ID to get on a train Showing your ID.
The swan's ball is blue.
The oleander is special.
Characteristics All animals are in Eucharistic Coverage.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Afghanistan.
Tom has varied tastes.
The lemon is artificial.
how much do thirty ginger cost?
Even we have bigger salaries on paper.
That is a table.
Pulling exercises are good to correct posture.
She received a scholarship.
Can i ask for a discount for the pepper?
The wolf was happy for her unexpected visit.
Eggplants are vegetables.
My father is looking for small grey pants.
Papaitan has an exotic taste.
What is on your mind?
Do you still have water chestnut?
He lost his money last December 5.
she stood on the porch a few minutes.
The orchid is dirty.
I eat supper every morning.
It is a video of a testing tool for music systems.
September 20 is Wednesday.
She always feeds her child with garlic to be healthy.
Will you cook beef stew?
The cabbage is raw.
He sold his guitar last December 13.
Is everything okay?
He should be drinking coffee right now.
how much is this?
If you think I'm strong, you're definitely wrong.
She got up at the crack of dawn.
Did he buy dinner?
These bibingkas are yours.
We are really proud of our country because of the beautiful scenery that can found here.
Did you find what you were looking for?
Afternoon of October 28.
How much for ginger?
I am inside an ambulance.
I don't care what he does.
Did you bring something?
In Costa Rica, it was the corner stoop where I sat watching the bus take him off to San Jose, away from me, traveling with him ending with a brief goodbye, the dust that was left and the people at the bus stop who watched me as I cried.
The nut is inadequate.
I repeated exactly what he had said.
I have accumulated more than enough money.
February two is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
I wished for us.
Give an example of a  pronoun.
He sold his guitar last November 21.
I took his weight.
My nephew is looking for a small cyan sweater.
He is in the hospital because of his lung.
Dried leaves are not colored green.
We cooked the breakfast.
On 45 BC, the Julian calendar took effect as the civil calendar of the Roman Empire.
You are cooking rice.
September 18 will be Sunday because.
He ate an apple.
A lions grunt doesnt sound like the MGM roar.
Go here on September 21.
I want to go to the park together with my sister.
At 6:30 PM, there are twenty-five hair spray at the international airport.
I had a late breakfast.
Nine hundred fifty-seven years.
It is November 23 when.
There is ten drugs for her sickness.
He is becoming healthy by eating garlic.
He promised not to tell another lie.
The mango is green.
On September 11.
Can you cook snack?
The mustard is nutritious.
I am happy with what I achieved.
October 28 is Thursday.
They concluded that he had told a lie.
You are selling the brownies.
The whale drink coffee.
The cook is in the bed.
He plays rugby.
Who really is Mr. Thomas?
He was filled up with hate.
My aunt is good in cooking lunch.
Most fake turtles do not have powers.
Is there any discount for the indo-pacific tarpon?
We often get mistaken as brothers.
how much do nine malay apple cost?
The mustard is rare.
The rats were not brother and sister.
All requirements must be made by 15 April 2018, 23:59 GMT.
You're a great guy, really you are.
I like to buy ten small vegetables.
He doesn't eat meat.
It's sunny all month long except last October 6.
They usually spent the morning hours in the garden and the afternoon at the pool.
My father is looking for medium blue clothes.
The firefly's brother is happy.
How did you come to know each other?
Some children are swimming in the sea.
There is two drugs for her sickness.
The pineapple is green.
I understand your position perfectly.
Some frogs do not appear friendly.
supper is served.
That first computer on the right is broken!
My father is looking for a large cyan watch.
Chalk is used to write on the black board.
Will I buy supper?
I wonder why no one tells the truth.
She will drink the liquor.
My uncle is looking for a small green shirt.
I like to buy three small apples.
He is taking his blood pressure.
We have a seminar later.
A lot of carabaos saw the training.
the idol of Crocker Farm Elementary School with the release of Bad.
Stuart is currently unemployed.
I like to buy nine small guavas.
I will eat many buko pies.
Eight hundred thousand years.
You can ride the carriage.
The jasmine is dirty.
Embryos called ligases may re-combine broken or broken DNA strands.
I was born at 5:15 pm.
Their friend visited me.
Their surgeon is ready.
How long did it take you to become an expert in playing the violin?
His mother is good in cooking breakfast.
If the passengers had been wearing the seat belts, he would perhaps have survived the accident.
The nut is unripe.
My favorite color is the color blue.
She was managing direct messages for the company.
Chicks love volleyball more than yarn.
People with a score to settle startle easily.
Tom is a stranger in this town.
Nouns are names of persons, things, animals, places, events, etc.
It looks as though we shall have to go without a holiday this year.
She has triplets.
how much do sixteen cabbage cost?
The rose bloomed.
I'd be a terrible doctor.
I can fry tocino.
The beetle attends training.
The mosquitoes wouldn't be caught dead buying something like this.
My uncle is looking for small pink shoes.
His doctor is good.
Is this first table broken?
I will hold you.
Do you still have clam?
I think I understood.
The baby centipede's mother is in hell.
Is this fresh lady's finger?
Do we have to pass through the expressway?
All these chairs on the left are broken.
This fifth chair on the right is broken!
Unfold the history of failures.
My daughter takes four medicines every afternoon.
Can i ask for a discount for the eel?
The first chair on the right is broken!
It's after hours so you need to leave early.
My aunt is looking for a small yellow sweater.
Tom did that last year.
The frog is croaking.
I'm going to a party Friday evening.
Tom made rice.
She doesn't have a driver's license.
The orchid is whole.
Stay inside.
The cherry is sweet.
You are eating the brownie.
I come home to you.
The semester exams are finally over.
He looked for the doctor.
They fought last October 2 because of money.
My uncle is looking for a medium white bag.
She was my only friend.
Then let us learn together.
The purple yam is red.
She will eat jackfruit to strengthen his bones.
There is no discount for the garfish?
He is making shake.
Will you give me a headache?
how much is six kilos of fish?
how much do eleven tamarind cost?
Guava is tasty.
This middle table in the middle is broken.
The scorpion folded one.
be caught up before the tribulation.
Can i ask for a discount for the fish?
November 18 will be Sunday because.
Cook the rice.
Please cook the beef.
He was sanctioned by the board to initiate negotiations.
My grandmother lives in the countryside.
The goat itself will take care of him.
They always thank you for your service.
I already got burnt by the sisig at NCPAG.
Tom likes sour foods, his favorite is sinigang.
There is eleven drugs for her sickness.
The baby was splashing in the bathtub.
His arms are bigger.
3 rings.
The goat has four special friends.
how much do eighteen banana cost?
I lost my passport.
No running.
Catch you later, Tom.
You're not allowed to park around here.
Bertha finished all the pizza.
The traffic picked up as we neared Chicago, and though the temperature was minus 15 degrees, a mere polar vortex was no match for our soaring spirits.
Are you free today?
I will study for the exam next Sunday.
The card controls the chicken.
What I understood was (you are so small) for not being able to help him.
Some horse admires the black horse.
The turtle loves girls.
What are some foods that are considered unhealthy?
In statistically, the risk of using vehicles is greater than removing additives in food.
Is there any discount for the sea bass?
She was loved by everybody in the village.
He does not know.
The pomelo is black.
The kittens cannot believe the bear.
She will eat garlic to have beautiful skin.
Who do you usually go with when you eat out?
The lychee is cooked.
Will you be fetched?
The lettuce is healthy.
Will I cook soup?
When was that?
Would you like to go with us?
I bought meat.
The sesame is small.
Let us hurry.
Their papaitan is almost purely made of liver.
We drank last February 27.
You can cook adobo.
Could you accompany him home?
It can be seen in this image the anatomy of a cat.
We will sell vegetables.
Are you going to the tourist information office later at 7:00 PM.
He is past forty.
The mosquitoes kissed again.
The chili is fresh.
I waited a while before Susie was willing to date me.
I wrote letters.
The music was loud.
She raised a small baby.
I like to buy two big cottonfruits.
The deer doesn't want to take care of the deer.
They decided to shut down the factory.
He will sell his guitar on November 24.
The shrimps cannot do it.
It might rain today.
Let's fry egg.
You will fry garlic.
I want to buy two squash.
I spent two hours yesterday trying to fix that broken radio.
For God, nothing is impossible.
I lost my self.
I never thought I could do what she did.
At 12:00 PM, there are eighteen chopsticks at the next post office.
I want to buy four radish.
My husband and I looked at each other, confused.
He raises his hand.
The winter melon is dead.
I'm home early.
Low clouds reflect down on the graves the dark opaque dullness of well-handled pewter.
I like your dog.
We wish you well in all your endeavors.
Pastor Anderson: So this man that's called.
Afternoon of September 1.
Where can I find some vegetables?
I like to buy five big bottle gourds.
Tom left a while ago.
You just sold cheap meats.
I like to buy six small gingers.
How many pieces of watercress?
I like to buy ten big lemons.
I like to buy ten big lanzones.
I brought food with me.
I'll still be here tomorrow.
Tom thinks of Mary as his best friend.
The fourth chair is broken.
The export of weapons was prohibited.
From where is this yellowtail scad?
Fifteen.
The chicken is scared.
August 4th.
Tom arrived home from work later than usual yesterday.
My brother leaves his room in a mess.
New equipment was bought for my project.
I refused to be given an award.
For a long time researchers thought the brain is not making new cells.
They are the real thieves.
Their house was straight out of a 50's black and white film.
These ideas are typical of established naturalists as a hypothesis that there are no empirical support.
Please wait for me.
He fried hotdogs.
banana is getting more expensive.
Only 48 left.
Are they frying fish?
The nut is withered.
The crocodile still think about the dog.
The puppy's ball is heavy.
Can you fry tocino?
I bought the last brownie.
My father takes one medicine every evening.
The snail do not exercise a lot these days.
Tom eats a lot of brown rice.
Longsilog, a combination of longganisa, fried rice and egg, is usually eaten during breakfast.
Some tigers play catch.
I have to think of the future.
Please cook the dessert.
We've got fresh vegetables.
Her mother is asking her to go to Spain to consult a doctor.
I don?╟╓t like to eat!
My uncle is looking for a large pink sweater.
This is not a car.
The lice recognized your voice right away.
The whales were afraid of you.
I want to buy three milkfish.
You two are really kind.
Both locations were mentioned in the sponsor's speech.
Let?╟╓s meet on October 25.
I will accompany you to the station.
The squids fell.
November 14 is Tuesday.
Behind us are the beautiful hotels and resorts that foreign tourists go when they are on vacation at Historic Resort City.
December twenty-eight is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
The coconut is green.
I will be there in a heartbeat.
Are you coming back?
how much does a billion whale shark cost?
how much do eight sugar apple cost?
how much do fifteen meat cost?
I am going to Spain in May.
to happen in our lifetime.
Do you want to know what other amazing benefits traveling has?
She was reluctant to reveal her secret.
Is this fresh shrimp scad?
You just chopped vegetables.
My girlfriend Jackie and I came across the memorial in a cemetery near our house in Flagstaff, Arizona.
Please come. I really want to meet you.
Pastor Anderson: You've probably heard this.
At sea he had a nightmare filled with menace in which his sister Narcisa was involved.
Festival will only last until November 19.
Tomorrow will be December 7.
The sheep has friends.
The construction of the industrial plant was completed the other day.
My sister is looking for a medium orange pajama.
Hug Jose.
She cooks for him every day.
The team did not get discouraged.
I will think about it.
Where is the lacustrine goby fish?
Have you seen the show?
Our dog loves to chew on bones.
Today is October 27.
You are weak.
The worm didn't like it.
How much for corn?
You're a friend of Tom's, aren't you?
It's sunny all month long except last November 4.
Is this fifth computer in the middle is broken?
My aunt is looking for small red clothes.
I made pancakes for supper.
She is in the hospital because of her lung.
Let me know the time and the address.
How much for pork belly?
My niece is looking for a medium magenta bag.
He will toss you.
I saw a white dog jump over the fence.
Reading books is my hobby especially when it is about romance.
This third chair on the left is broken.
Our dog slept under the tree.
What month is it now?
I cannot reach that.
The crow is flying.
the rain specks collecting on the window.
My uncle is looking for a small red bag.
Is she the person you are looking for?
When I hear that song, I think about the place where I grew up.
They went back last April 12.
Ito na ba ang katapusan?
I don't have food.
Life is beautiful.
The rabbit search the building.
Tom was late for work.
but now I have changed my mind.
They were hospitalized in Greece.
They are a negatively, short-circuited and bacterial parasite that are bound to be parasitic and can not be revived in a deadly media.
You can consult a doctor if you have lots of pimple.
His dentist is here.
Will he still have the job?
The mango is so delicious.
Then new uniform, new school.
I haven't heard from Tom since July.
The ginger is soft.
I want to be a singer.
Please don't step on the grass.
Is he there?
I hope this game gets translated well for the western audiences.
I got mugged by a gang.
Enjoy these moments now because they won't last forever.
He is writing the poem.
how much is two kilos of whale shark?
Tom refused to follow Mary's advice.
I like to buy five small bottle gourds.
the girls wear their hair up on their heads in messy buns and tank tops and elephant pants.
My blanket smells like you.
Tom loves to cook.
November 28 is Wednesday.
Don't eat too much cup noodles.
Why donn't you want to come with us?
We may not win tomorrow.
He kept on laughing despite being on extreme stress.
That's why I came here last month, to find a group and deal with them.
The apple is white.
Please cook the supper.
Next day he came early.
the more offspring of the organism can be created than possibly survive.
You will see the difference once you open your eyes.
Her parents asked her to go to the United States to consult a doctor.
fell for it.
We are looking after them.
Do you still have coconut?
The pepper is soft.
The jackfruit is sour.
What's your favorite type of dessert?
The pumpkin is yellow.
Festival will only last until November 24.
What is this insulting nonsense?
They raised a small baby.
I zipped my jacket up and down as I walked towad the house.
They cooked the supper.
How are you driving?
October 10 is the day of his death.
The mushroom is orange.
It's already December 11!.
I will drive Tom home.
You need to send us the contract by Monday.
What happened? "The car broke down."
When do you plan to finish?
I will eat later.
The ship traveled at a good speed.
December twelve is the date today.
I skipped snacks.
She needs medicine for her lungs.
Lifelong I lived the life of another.
I like butterflies.
The centipede is the ruler of the school.
Most calculations used in computational chemistry rely on quantum mechanics Many modern technologies exist where strongly impact.
I listened to the dentist.
She needs to undergo operation on her right arm.
In fact, he has never been to New York.
How many pieces of spotted scat?
He is eight years old.
I want to buy two octopus.
The projector isn't displaying the correct colors.
strength.
She can write.
I need four hundred more sentences.
It has been twenty-four years since I have dentist.
How much is the guava?
The camels hope the dog and the cat know how fix this.
Is it true that my friend cannot drive?
The pigs fight.
Zoolohists have a great deal of work and there is a risk that the specimens will leave behind only the hideout.
This medicine tastes horrible.
The food looks good.
The owl like the dog.
October 10 will be Sunday because.
Her children are asking her to go to England to consult a doctor.
how much do nine orange cost?
The cat slept yesterday.
Circle the letter of the right answer.
I want to buy less sesame.
i generally get a feeling when something is wrong.
Did you study?
Please explain it.
I catch a ball.
The food is sour.
Fry an egg for me.
I lost my twenty-eight hair spray at 1:00 PM.
He was very small.
My sister is looking for small cyan clothes.
It's time for us all to eat.
Beautiful evening, isn't it?
We still need to do a lot.
They are eating the meats.
I do not know when she will come back.
Don't let Tom eat this.
I like drinking soda.
Their arms ache.
How much for durian?
He questioned the surgeon.
how much is three kilos of squash?
The bear ate the wall.
Go here on September 18.
We are jogging for 5 minutes.
Monkeys are smarter than other animals.
Eat already.
Biology has many subdisciplines that are united by five so-called axioms of modern biology.
Share some!
2nd day of July.
The evil ants plan to take over the village.
I like the way you smile.
how much does one million crab cost?
Did you find a good room?
He's faster than me.
She eats garlic to strengthen his immune system.
I'll open the window a bit.
Darwin was amazed but recently had both the ideas of his blind Erasmus read and remained uninterrupted.
Please prepare the viand.
In Haiti, there was a large earthquake.
She said that the doctor is coming from Germany.
There is little chance of his winning.
Tom kissed Mary and then went to work.
It was very windy yesterday.
Tom left a few minutes ago.
We like to sleep.
I love milk.
nanotechnology will create new opportunities that we cannot now see.
Yesterday is my big sister's birthday.
He has been running for thirty-seven years at the next subway station.
He has swelling in his lungs.
This fifth table is broken.
The food at the canteen doesn't taste that good.
Many sharks love bicycles.
He eats pomelo for faster recovery.
He likes to drink.
The grape is orange.
Meet me tonight.
My father is looking for a large cyan pajama.
how much does a billion wax gourd cost?
This third chair is broken.
I am scared of rats.
how much is ten kilos of legumes?
The lettuce is nutritious.
He has already finished his homework.
She eats string bean to strengthen his immune system.
I boiled pork.
She is cuting cheese.
The spider bit me.
I am thankful for the holidays.
The watermelon is illegal.
Our firm adopted marketing strategies of other companies.
I just finished supper.
You can boil the egg for ten minutes.
The bird begs for its life.
My nephew is looking for a small cyan shirt.
He eats pomelo to strengthen his bones.
Is it true that the exam will not proceed?
Cheese should be sold at the jewelers, in velvet pouches.
Someone gave me constructive criticism.
I ran.
how much do fifteen garlic cost?
I wish tomorrow will be December 15.
I am thinking of going to Los Angeles.
Do you want to work for a tech company?
Can you take me to the airport please?
We didn't expect the cold weather.
how much is eight kilos of manila bean?
Today is November 25.
I want to ride the motor boat.
Go here on December 26.
I have been waiting for you for half an hour!
My younger brother is taller than me.
Can I buy chocolate?
Where should we go to see the stars?
I thought you were holding it.
They might get hurt.
I am still not done.
The rice is beautiful.
They injured her.
I know, its hard to believe, but gunning down endangered wildlife, including lions and elephants, is perfectly legal here, as it is in several other African game reserves.
Now I am as happy as the little birds.
My grandmother takes twelve medicines every morning.
They will join me.
They searched for them.
Tom knows a lot about American history.
He will eat radish to have beautiful skin.
Who is good at dancing?
Put your body on me.
Is this fresh spanner crab?
The dry spell continued into September.
They are making the cheeses.
What kind of vegetable is this?
I?╟╓d like to buy pomelo.
This fourth chair is broken.
I know, but now Alex is sick.
Are you hungry already?
The pen is cheap.
How many books have you read this month.
I?╟╓d like to buy grapes.
She came alone.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Sri Lanka.
The patrolman motioned me to pull over.
She doesn't have any enemies at all.
Everyone that failed the last exam needs to repeat the exam.
Tomorrow will be November 1.
My mother is looking for medium grey shorts.
Can i ask for a discount for the indo-pacific tarpon?
String beans is another example of a vegetable.
The lizards call me Figaro because they eat so many figs everyday.
He will be chopping the apples.
They are in favor of your plan.
My nephew is looking for a large brown pajama.
I will eat the ingredient on the table.
doctrine on this from Matthew 24 because Matthew.
Because it rakes in more money?
We talked last February 16.
There's nothing like a hot bath to kickstart your day.
The mosquitoes all laughed at his jokes.
My father takes ten medicines every morning.
Mary is kind, she fed us a tasty dinner.
Did you take a bath?
My niece is looking for a medium blue bag.
White is my favorite color.
I never take my books home.
My daughter takes seven medicines every morning.
how much do three bottle gourd cost?
We are on our way to the dentist.
Perhaps its safe to say that most people want to be happy.
We will just come back for you once we are done.
I wash the glass.
Sometimes, I apply for some side jobs here and there.
A coal miner and a fisherman are the main worker.
As the scene attracts more attention, armed policemen suddenly appear out of nowhere.
how much do ten octopus cost?
Twenty teams entered the tournament.
My nephew is looking for a small white shirt.
It's more fun in Liberia.
It's almost done.
I cannot answer this.
I would like to thank you.
The kittens fight.
She has strong teeth.
Tom and Mary are late.
The lice already saw it.
I bought a book.
He is frying the pork.
I swim in the summer.
mango is not that cheap.
I'm on holiday for four weeks.
I can cook the chicken stew.
They are eating bitter food.
This third computer on the left is broken!
I like to buy three small briefs.
The watermelon is healthy.
He is unable to provide for his family.
The bear is bleeding.
how much do twenty meat cost?
It's pretty early.
The cat is reading a blue book.
The centipede's bestfriend helps in feeding the baby centipede.
You will drink coke later at lunch.
Precious was as sweet as her name suggested plus she had a functional satellite navigation system;.
Everyone has heard that term before.
Traveling abroad is very interesting.
Can i ask for a discount for the peanut butter?
Is the first table in the middle is broken?
I sat next to them, wanting to talk but unsure of what to say.
I'm always up early.
From where is this lechon sauce?
Is this fresh fermented zigandis paste?
Were you still able to meet our teacher?
The room is square.
They left early.
She is eating while walking.
The swan's ball has few holes.
The dog is a primary source of gossip.
The lychee is hot.
I have a connecting flight to Nevada.
The policeman caught him red handed.
Will you come back tomorrow?
She said that the illegal drug is coming from Manila.
My niece is looking for small grey clothes.
I don't remember him saying that.
I think I excel under pressure.
I was shaking because I was cold.
The chili is ripe.
We're not paying good money for shoddy goods.
June 10th.
He is done eating merienda.
I want to buy five pineapple.
The bitter gourd is different.
Sticking to them.
She is looking for them.
I slept in your clothes.
She took the other back to her parents house and put it in a cabinet in her bedroom that displayed trinkets she liked.
January twenty-four is the date today.
We will be having a camp next week.
Anything else?
This second chair on the left is broken!
This machine waters and monitors your garden.
Thank you.
We have new professors.
The voltage and current of the mechanism is high.
There are three rooms in this house.
He has been ill in bed for four days.
Do not be afraid to fail.
In a DNA in a relaxed state, a stand usually rotates on the double helix axis once per 10.4 base pairs but if the DNA is coiled, the strands become more restrictive and more relaxed coiled.
You can't erase the past.
They fought last November 14 because of money.
Is there any discount for the winter melon?
Thomas Henry Huxley applied Darwin's ideas to people using paleontology and anatomy comparisons to provide strong evidence that people and ape are sharing a common ancestor.
I have to pay their hospital bill.
My cousin takes nine medicines every morning.
He refused to eat his breakfast.
I want you to tell me the truth.
Drive faster.
The two birds meet.
He can drive a car.
Do you like grapes?
You are so careless!
This natural selection has been accelerated by artificial conditions.
October 24 is Thursday.
The bridge is collapsing.
We are hallucinating.
This middle chair on the left is broken!
He should be drinking coffee.
She has pain in her left elbow.
I may not be able to tell you, but I like you.
The turnip is bent.
the defenders were soon out of breath.
Avoid fried foods for a while.
Can you fry the pork?
Aalis ka na?
She said that the drug came from Manila.
The snail remember the day you were born very well.
And then I'm being told to shut up.
Surrender yourselves.
She prepared the dish.
The flies are ignoring you.
The children were playing in the park.
We saw trees, crops on top of the valley at Sagada.
The puppy is in the mall.
You don't need to go to school today.
Two children are sitting on the fence.
Such structures have little or no role in the current species but have a clear role in its ancestors or other related species.
Freedom is never given, it is won.
The tamarind is destroyed.
How many pieces of radish?
I answer questions.
My father is looking for a medium yellow bag.
The third computer on the left is broken!
I also thought of that.
He sold his guitar last November 22.
I know how to play.
We listened to his dentist.
Here is eight dollars.
He has tumor in his right foot.
Did they buy breakfast?
What should I do to win?
The jasmine is new.
how much is ten kilos of kidney bean?
That person is a singer.
July twenty-four is the date today.
He has anxiety.
He ran to the comfort room after eating.
Is it bad to be happy?
The food at the canteen tastes good.
Be prepared in case of accident.
How was the drive? my father-in-law asked us as he pulled out of the lot.
What are the plans for the project?
I want chili pepper in my food.
Did you get hurt?
The bicycle competition for sharks begin.
We are losing patients.
I believe in my dilligence.
They said that the doctor is coming from Manila.
We were not prepared for the assault.
I need to hold your hand.
Can you cook the dinner?
The coconut is prohibited.
He always eats mango to be healthy.
I am raising my hand.
I live in New Zealand.
Come along with us if you like.
How much for bay leaf?
She doesn't need your understanding.
Help people who are in need.
Some cats felt energized to play basketball.
There are six years of elementary.
Life always offers you a second chance.
Let?╟╓s meet on December 25.
We have been to Tokyo many times.
She now saw his face before her.
They feel bad.
Good day, General!
Your uniform is loose.
Time is not measured by clock but by moments.
I hardly ever watch TV.
I like to buy seven big bananas.
An abundant form of non-vomit DNA in humans is pseudogene copies of genes that are disabled by mutations.
Did you buy lunch?
I am sick of listening.
how much do nine tomato cost?
Coconuts are often used in desserts.
From where is this carrots?
I don't sleep during trips.
Please stay, I need you here.
Teach this.
I saw one yesterday.
I am cooking the dinner.
We could get up when we wanted and drive (or boat) around when we wanted and have our meals in the bush, if we wanted.
Tom has a brother who is an architect.
Animal Types The animal kingdom is divided into different affiliates.
She's not jealous of other women other than the one she's trying to become.
July three is the date today.
Our neck is sore.
The oat is different.
I got my hair done yesterday.
I want to buy three luffa.
With this high amount of tax, you're definitely going to hear from me.
He is giving her food.
They made the leche flan.
They noticed that I haven't been my energetic self.
Why did you come here?
The current restrictions may be detrimental to the employees' welfare.
The okra is effective.
The dog is eating salty food.
Intramuros is famous for its churches.
They grilled milkfish.
I am bleeding.
The strong spider wins.
He drove all night.
How did you study when you were a student?
You just sliced breads.
Has anyone interfered with your bag, or asked you to take anything on board the airplane?
The cabbage is green.
The purple yam is dusty.
She has pain in her right hand.
But once, taking a stroll in the center of Seville with my wife, I bumped into a t-shirt worn by a young man who, to steal a Spanish expression, (had more feathers than an ostrich).
We already talked.
Do you think about color when you are preparing a meal?
I will fry chicken.
From where is this squash?
I gave Tom the morning off.
See you tomorrow.
The seagulls looked relieved only when it was in motion.
The cats blame the dogs.
Have you finished reading today's paper yet?
I am writing a poem.
My father takes twelve medicines every morning.
If it's not yet December 13,.
I like to buy three big potatoes.
Some pirate cockroach appear.
The worm like to study foreign languages.
How's Tom this morning?
November 2 is Wednesday.
Continue having a burning faith.
Make friends with a member of the committe.
Now try this.
They need to shower.
You are eating the vegetables.
The turnip is whole.
My niece is looking for a small white bag.
lanzones is the cheapest.
I'd love to meet him.
It seems that he was a great athlete.
They will get sick.
She just bought supper.
A rival shark appears.
You just rinsed the ingredients.
The soursop is reserved.
The winter melon is inadequate.
We most hone our abilities.
The bitter gourd is sticky.
I'm looking forward to seeing you soon.
Can i ask for a discount for the snow pea?
When the sun comes out tomorrow, winter will seem like a distant memory.
The banana is delicious.
how much do six rambutan cost?
As soon as she saw Pierre, the woman almost threw herself at his feet.
Needless to say, he never came again.
She is eating the brownie.
Tom is suffering from a bad headache.
We'll see Tom later.
I do the quick calculation.
We arrived there before noon.
The oil has spilled.
She need a second opinion.
The dictionary comes in two volumes.
Last monday, they bought pineapple from the store.
I don?╟╓t eat dairy products.
Be quiet during the lesson.
He should be drinking coffee!
Tom came here yesterday.
The jasmine is inadequate.
How much for peanuts?
The vegetables are being eaten by them.
Then there can be a week, a month, a year, a decade, and a century without war.
Our abilities in writing are lacking.
Please fry the egg.
Take your gloves off.
I will start after he comes.
I do not see a thing.
His nurse is new.
The operators rallied and demanded increased wages.
In the middle of December, he saw the similarity between peasants who chose the best breed and Malthusian Nature who chose from other people so that "every part of the newly acquired structure was practically and financially", thinking that this comparison "is a good part of my theory".
My mother is looking for medium orange pants.
The tamarind is hot.
He will soak it in milk.
I'd like you to look after my dog during my absence.
My son takes three medicines every evening.
I like to buy nine small jeans.
This is a well-made TV show.
how much is four kilos of milkfish?
Where are the erasers supposed to be located?
What color will everything be at that moment when I come for you?
Let's eat together tonight.
The fly think the dog is unlucky.
You are cooking breakfast.
At 5pm I will be leaving work.
Where is the eraser located?
The pirate rabbit will sell the fruit.
All tigers have a helmet.
it took me two years to forgive her.
Some examples include snakes with left thighs, back legs with legs, extra toes of non-ground ungulate, chicken teeth, sexual reproduction of Hieracium pilosella and Crotoniidae; tail man, spare nipple, and big dick canine.
It was during that summer that I first began to discover gray hairs in my beard.
The funds that are raised through this particular race are going to be donated to two different charities.
The baby camel needs to be fed multiple times.
Tom doesn't eat meat, does he?
Do you want your food to be spicy or sweet?
how much do four garlic cost?
My pulse accelerated.
The bear drove a red car.
The turnip is fragrant.
Teacher and I had a lovely time with many kind friends.
How much for crab?
Last tuesday, they bought banana from the store.
Flowers don't grow in the winter.
I have mosquito bites all over my arm.
We are looking for the doctor.
I want to find out what kind of food Tom wants to eat.
On average, German people are taller than Filipinos.
I live in Palau.
The owls are having breakfast now.
I feel uneasy in my father's presence.
All of the young drunk Westerners you could want to hook up with.
He's rich, but he lives like a beggar.
I don't believe they understood.
We reached the Bay of Biscay just as Ophelia came steaming across the Atlantic.
Where are the books located?
The strawberry is dead.
My nephew is looking for a large pink watch.
The termite met my friend on the street.
I wonder how class assignments are decided.
Climate-related biological differences and other elements of the natural environment.
How fast was she driving when she had the accident?
The termite wish the termite had one.
The okra is different.
Today's agenda is about work ethic.
He slept on the bed.
You are cooking soup.
The dog got a higher score thant the cat.
Morning of December 24.
The worm like studying history.
My niece is looking for a small blue watch.
I had him take my suitcase to the room.
I'm pretty, I'm young, and I know that now I am good.
The sesame is thick.
We admitted the patient.
Their uncle is good in cooking breakfast.
We are upset because these are fundamental things that you should know about.
From 9:00 AM to 6:30 PM.
I want to sell one jackfruit.
First, there is so much sky once you leave SoMa.
I need to go the the laundry shop.
He is so nice, it is hard to ask for anything from him.
You are as pretty as the sky.
Buy lunch.
I am crying.
Here, Baden Powell argues that miracles harm the laws of god, so their belief is atheistiki and praises the "great support of Mr. Darwin [who supports]; in the great principle of self-governing powers of nature ".
Do you still have flying fish?
How many pieces of fusilier?
The wind is strong.
He boiled the egg.
What now?
I am a man who can't stand being alone.
The eagles need to face the consequences.
was that each of those men brought more truth.
The dog is sleeping under my bed.
Stop harassing directors or actors she works with.
Is the third table on the left is broken?
His surgeon is ready.
He ate the banana as soon as he bought it.
Sad songs are playing here.
Go study already.
What do you want to be in the future?
Can you fry egg?
You sliced breads.
I am drunk.
The magnolia is yellow.
Can you fry the dried fish?
He needs to undergo operation on his brain.
How long have you been here?
Put the leftover chicken adobo in the refrigerator.
Tomorrow will be December 1.
From where is this sesame?
I haven't seen much of him recently.
There is always a goodbye.
We won't let ourselves lose!
There are many exams.
Can I borrow your telephone?
Will I not get caught if I use the same name?
The pig is dirty.
He might have caught his disease from smoking.
The prince cow visits the cow.
First Monday is on July 3.
Our bike tour of the French Alps lasted two weeks.
Many thought that the chick will not be able to play.
The changing of colors of chameleons is like magic.
My sister is looking for a small black sweater.
the price of meat is getting more expensive.
He lies all the time.
how much does a hundred shrimp cost?
Who wrote the book?
There is a great demand for gasoline.
I sometimes cook dinner.
The Tertiary stage / economic level: involves providing services to consumers such as baby care, film and banking.
Tom puts too much sugar in his tea.
My sister is looking for small orange shorts.
What's the urgency?
He is studying medicine in Spain.
He ran from the building quickly.
He will study medicine in China.
There are no rules without exceptions.
Many things were not taught in class.
I should be drinking coffee right now.
I like to buy eight small cashews.
I am a student.
Punch him.
My father is looking for a medium violet watch.
It is a form of meditation performed daily for the good of all sentient beings.
I want to buy less squid.
Some lions are professional skaters.
a major gear change in the book of Revelation.
They looked for the doctor.
How much for water spinach?
Magsaysay defeated Quirino in the 1953 elections.
Honored guest, the honorable minister of education.
It rained really hard last December 17.
The professor wants us to suffer.
They are looking for her.
I want to sell five fish.
Do you still have soy bean?
Have you been here since?
I am the only one talking.
My cousin takes ten medicines every morning.
May I have this magazine?
The lime is costly.
Sometimes, we forget to focus on enjoying our youth.
He needed to undergo operation on his kidneys.
The squid just finished.
The lychee is sour.
I prefer to err on the side of caution.
He secretly showed me her photograph.
In this case, because the wearer probably did know the meaning of the words across his chest, a phrase occurred to me that I could put and wear on a t-shirt that would serve me quite well.
He wrote.
How did you and Tom become acquainted?
Pretending to be happy was never easy.
Did you learn?
We fried the chicken.
They sell rice bran.
Where are the rulers located?
But behind my back, they mock me as an illiterate.
While reading a book, I fell asleep.
The balloon is beside the tree.
I'll sue you all in an American court.
Do you still have commerson's anchovy?
Please cook snack.
Festival will only last until November 16.
Eat a bread.
It is December 26 when.
There is no discount for the mangrove king crab?
The ant haven't slept in two days.
It was an act of kindness.
The ingredient will be eaten by me.
He lost his money last October 28.
You just sold cheap meats.
I believe in truth.
The car is big.
I want to buy less bitter gourd.
His luxurious black car is so flashy in front of the building.
Malls should stay open at least until midnight, seriously.
They made the cheeses.
I need a Japanese-English dictionary.
They brought it.
Is the fish fresh?
Fluid Studies in the United States show that flush flies inflicted by orange grove are becoming less resistant to malathionary pesticides used to kill them.
I ate many cheap meats.
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you think I get overly nervous when I have to speak Spanish to strangers?
It's sunny all month long except last October 17.
Let us be hopeful.
The chamomile is natural.
Quantitative analysis or assessment of the community provides an indication of the identification or identification of the chemical types in one instance, while quantitative analysis or probability analyzes the number of one or more of these components.
We get paid every Friday.
It's never too late to learn.
The mushroom is fresh.
That disease can be acquired in Greece.
I will never forget the first time we met.
September 25 is the day of his death.
Genes are the basic units of heredity.
The doctor advised him to eat cucumber.
Please fry dried fish.
My sister is looking for large black shoes.
But it can?╟╓t have been him ?╟⌠ he?╟╓s in Greece this week.
Where is the supermarket?
Tell her to come at noon.
spawn a series of 16 books.
My niece is looking for a large pink bag.
May twenty-nine is the date of our vacation to Camarines Sur.
The cherry is artificial.
Yesterday is December 8.
As goes food, so goes the body.
The dog is not an expert.
The watermelon is famous.
It is really visited by a lot of people.
Do you still have mussel?
22nd day of May.
She eats star apple to lose weight.
Each transcription factor binds to a particular set of DNA sequences and powers or restricts the transcription of genes that have these sequences close to its promoters.
She is looking for blood.
The mung bean is bitter.
how much is eight kilos of crab?
We'll visit Tom tomorrow.
We heard that he ended up in jail.
Do you sell food?
He injured her.
We got caught.
kidney bean is cheaper.
You made the halo-halo.
Our brother is good in cooking breakfast.
Me?
The adventure was life-affirming but not life-changing.
They grilled tilapia.
The words you said can be forgiven but will never be forgotten.
She deserves all the credit for their success.
The pomelo is dirty.
She does not think.
Yesterday is November 27.
On his shirt there was a sauce stain.
how much is six kilos of sardines?
He is not genuine with his love.
She needs medicine for her arms.
The tamarind is yellow.
Festival will only last until November 10.
Are you accompanying me?
Go here on September 4.
I'll have you arrested.
I forgot my wallet.
The bear's wound is fairly large.
She said that the illegal drug came from Spain.
Tom announced his resignation yesterday.
I'm surprised that you won the prize.
Is that second computer on the left is broken?
The doctor advised me to rest my right foot.
how much does a sugar apple cost?
If I get injected with it, I'll lose all my inhibitions.
It is easy to study in a quiet place.
I have cough for one week.
We spent a quiet day in the country.
The race is full of carabaos.
My cat is black.
Tom hasn't said a word all evening.
She needs to undergo operation on her right kidney.
She is Spanish.
Suction makes the cup stick to the head.
They think he needs surgery.
Many sharks love to play sports.
However, since the world is not a separate system, the world order can occur and trigger complex organisms as much as inputs of energy such as daylight.
The mung bean is special.
Some say the shrimp is a glitch.
Where is the sea grape seaweed?
I don?╟╓t understand why I failed my final exam in research.
Are they your relative?
You cooked the lunch?
He is going to study English next week.
The spirit bee uses wind attacks.
He asked me why I wasn't having dinner at the hotel.
I'll call you tomorrow.
He has tumor in his nose.
The strong cat plans to be a lawyer.
The dragonfly won't make the same mistake next time.
The worm found this book by chance in a secondhand bookstore.
My brother is looking for small white shoes.
I tried earlier, sir.
The priest asked for donations.
By that time, the others had all retired.
He thanked the nurse.
how much does thousand pork cost?
Why do I love this so much?
The cucumber is delicious.
They went around to see the colorful picture.
The ant is a god of good.
People are running.
The argument against it is that if you can afford to pay more than locals, and no matter your budget, you probably can, then who cares?
I have been created to protect you.
how much do two bitter gourd cost?
It's already September 8!.
The eagle do not have any ideas at this time.
Just believe in yourself.
Most of all I was able to make memories that I will never forget.
Will you accompany them?
Do you have shoes?
The shark is sad to lose.
how much do eighty onion cost?
Promise me you will always be my friend.
Be contented on what you have.
We ate lunch at seven.
They usually go to school by bicycle.
They said that the doctor will come from China.
It was as grim as almost every other town on the cusp of another country, but even more so in the dark.
Where are the ballpens located?
The boy carries the box.
We need to act quickly.
We drank our cocktail.
Do you still have goatfish?
She was trembling in fear.
Give me paper.
The okra is inadequate.
Oh! Ive just come from there. Whereabouts you heading? he asked.
My brother is looking for a medium magenta watch.
Meat at the market increased its price.
Can you open the door?
There is a beautiful view down the valley at Sagada.
We are waiting for the results of the exam.
He needs to undergo operation on his feet.
how much does a hundred black plum cost?
I will keep writing.
She always feeds her child with string bean to grow faster.
how much does a tomato cost?
The stores I visit are always crowded.
Where's my breakfast?
How much for snapper?
The termite couldn't answer all the questions.
I usually eat out.
My uncle is looking for a small brown bag.
I'am barning hard so that I will have a proper job.
Your companion is me.
Are all the tables on the left broken?
Whilst I was walking peacefully down the street, a wild pigeon defecated on my shoulder.
We will fry the pork.
I know you are protecting her.
Tom cooks well.
I noticed my classmate suicide.
The first complete electoral field of electrodynamics shows the full electromagnetic illumination explanation.
Where did you stay last night?
Something is making a sound.
In the mean time, I already have three medals.
Tom arrived last.
The termite do not exercise a lot these days.
I have a good friend.
We have run out of cream.
My aunt is looking for medium brown pants.
The corn is famous.
I want to sell one cabbage.
You can cook lunch.
She sold the vegetables.
She buys nine drugs for her disease.
Wash the squid.
He is as strong as ever.
When I got home yesterday, a cat was sitting on the roof.
Same day.
how much do nine kidney bean cost?
He drives a car doesn't he?
Just for now, dump your fears or you'll regret it someday.
Is this fifth computer on the left is broken?
I am beautiful no matter what they say.
The transmutation is anathema of the Anglican defenders of the social order but well-known scientists are open to discussing the subject and have a great interest in the letter of John Herschel who praises Lyell's treatment as a way to find a natural source of origin Species.
I am outside.
You're late again.
Why is the train late?
Tom told me I shouldn't talk to you.
How much for fermented fish paste?
The whale want tom to know the truth.
I received her letter the other day.
how much do five melon cost?
I like to buy two small mushrooms.
The sweet potato is black.
The squirrel was busy gathering nuts.
Mom makes good pancakes.
Their doctor is here.
Bob likes cooking.
Only nine passed the exam.
Tom can go hear Mary sing at that club whenever he wants to.
Where is your boat?
Tomorrow will be December 6.
Tom tried to squeeze into the jeans he had worn when he was a teenager.
I like to buy seven small fruits.
The snail understand how you feel.
I am happy whenever I am with you.
The first 3D printer prototype was invented by Chuck.
I got a bit dizzy from what I ate.
He needs medicine for his right elbow.
I am going to apply for a visa today.
You can fry dried fish.
I slept in the hospital.
The purple yam is perfect.
What is the date today?
My elder brother takes four medicines every morning.
Now lie down.
Tom has to do a lot of things before noon.
She killed herself yesterday.
Is this fresh pickled mango?
There is no discount for the pork loin?
Second to last Sunday is on July 23.
The papaya is dirty.
I sold vegetables.
Please count this for me.
it could have been a year or a century ago.
Can i ask for a discount for the cocoyam?
There will come a time when my forgiveness will no longer work for you.
The squid like playing tennis.
He published his book on the year 1987.
My mother is looking for a small cyan pajama.
Is the first chair in the middle is broken?
I like listening to music while writing.
It is September 29 when.
5th day of August.
Tom and Mary got married last spring.
They called the doctor.
Poor health prohibited him from traveling.
He eats milk because he wants to be healthy.
My grandfather is excited to travel.
lanzones is very expensive.
We met on Sunday.
Will you glance through this report?
He is looking for a male.
I download files.
A week from today, I'll be in England.
My right answer.
My elder sister takes four medicines every morning.
The pear is brown.
My sibling does not eat potatoes.
In a few minutes the big net was pulled up out of the water.
Chester called.
Her hands hurt.
He said that the illegal drug is coming from France.
I drive a blue car.
You should join our group.
He hated the awkwardness in the atmosphere.
I want to give a shoutout to our coach!
His new novel will come out next month.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Uzbekistan.
The sesame is dirty.
The hibiscus is destroyed.
We are frying the milkfish.
small pencil.
Did you receive a scholarship?
I could spend an eternity with you.
They said that the doctor will come from France.
He needs anesthetic for the operation on his eyes.
I was sick of myself.
The eggplant is destroyed.
She is determined to leave the company.
My mother was working in the garden so she didn't hear the telephone when I called her yesterday.
I'm not the least bit worried about it.
This may be the last great day.
I'll eat standing up.
November 11 is Wednesday.
how much is three kilos of papaya?
The tables in the middle are broken.
I ate a huge breakfast.
He sold the vegetables.
Why don't you drive?
Did you study French yesterday?
My elder sister takes two medicines every afternoon.
She went to Japan to consult a doctor.
You lost your innocence.
I can cook sweet rice dumpling.
The store is just across from my house.
How many pieces of whiting fish?
His body will get stronger if he eats eggplant.
Were you watching me when I showed you how to do it?
May I see your collection of old books?
The crocodiles flunked their exams.
I like to buy two small briefs.
Michelle loves playing piano.
I was wondering how you study.
Don't they ever give up?
A rival carabao appears.
I play tennis.
September 1 is Thursday.
Meat, please.
He's planning to buy a bed before October 19.
The tamarind is black.
I'd like to buy philippine lime.
The rabbit reads the letter.
She ate a bread.
Father do you have change?
Maple wood flooring.
You will eat cheap meat.
She will go to Egypt to consult a doctor.
The taro is ripe.
He was supposed to drink milk earlier.
Zimbabwe was once a colony of Britain.
It's more fun in Monaco.
He said that it was nine o'clock.
Both of these books have been proven to arise and Darwin is impressed with the general consensus on his views where his views are accepted and signifies "everyone is talking about it without shock".
The coconut is illegal.
and so many young preacher boys reading the.
Do you still have squash?
She married again in her mid-forties.
They are already losing willpower.
He was too carefree.
It was 10 years ago when he won a prize for his manga.
My uncle is looking for large brown shorts.
The town was established in the 18th century.
I am poor.
I am dizzy.
I want to sell less legumes.
It is hard to believe that she is our classmate.
how much do sixty black plum cost?
The horse knows how to paint.
Would you like to go shopping with me?
Are they arriving next Saturday?
November 20 is Wednesday.
Using solar panels may cost us less money.
All puppies have a helmet.
Every March.
I brought a soap.
I don't have ginger.
how much do thirteen luffa cost?
All the tables in the middle are broken!
And put Greg back in cement mixing.
I?╟╓d like a burger.
Where are we gonna eat?
how much is three kilos of legumes?
Tom certainly complains a lot.
It has been eighteen days since I have chopsticks.
The ingredient was eaten by you.
The cherry is wet.
Some cockroaches have different goals.
He was injured in a traffic accident.
be worth anything.
Today is September 12.
She boiled the sweet potatoes.
She took the taxi to the museum.
This is where you lie down on.
The starfruit is shiny.
The star apple is special.
Can i ask for a discount for the grunt fish?
of the heavens shall be shaken:.
He put bagoong in his kare-kare.
I want you to go upstairs immediately.
My grandfather takes eight medicines every morning.
6th day of May.
Chordate includes vertibrates or those animals with a backbone or backbone.
how much does a eggplant cost?
Come back after fixing your apperance.
Are all these computers in the middle broken?
how much is ten kilos of eggplant?
how much is five kilos of fish?
He writes to his parents once a month.
His illness comes of drinking too much.
The bird made tea.
He drank liquors.
Did you make it?
He is 87 years old already.
On January.
My brother is looking for a small red sweater.
Why can you not remember one easy formula?
They exercised.
Is there any discount for the blue marlin?
I might be shocked with the differences in culture.
What is the sense of these?
Molecular biology also enhances our understanding of the relationship between henotype and phenotype.
we get together every night to have fun.
I wish tomorrow will be October 21.
Tom dozed off during the meeting.
Many of us will graduate on June.
how much do sixty whale shark cost?
What was it?
My niece is looking for a medium pink shirt.
You will cook the lunch.
This fifth table on the left is broken!
My brother is looking for a medium cyan pajama.
I need help immediately.
That article was written in English.
We would go with you.
She likes carrots.
Now get in.
This means that animal cells have a bulb around its nucleus (nuclear envelope).
how much do nineteen luffa cost?
Why are you so boastful?
The lettuce is illegal.
The centipede is needed by society.
The guava is inadequate.
My dad set some conditions.
The snake is not friendly.
I have an exam later.
Ed Stafford only ate insects in the jungle.
This second table is broken!
Health science is an application science applied to human and animal health.
June twenty is the date today.
Tom boiled a dozen eggs.
My sister is looking for a large orange shirt.
I want to buy four ginger.
He lost his money last November 10.
My uncle is looking for a small cyan watch.
Do you still have snow pea?
Quitting time.
He just cooked lunch.
Tom's cooking.
It lacked only half a minute now.
She said that the drug will come from England.
We are caring for them.
I gave the traveler directions to the nearest house.
it can't be just that .
I know it's early, but let's go home.
He drank a lot yesterday.
It's early.
Tell us the reason.
What day is it tomorrow?
The dog did not like the law.
He met with me earlier in the library.
Where is the starapple?
Set aside the chairs and tables.
The monkey wish the monkeys were in Boston now.
She will cook chicken stew.
They had to cut their losses.
Tom has a good head on his shoulders.
Let's do this later.
Go here on November 27.
The cockroach find a letter.
My aunt is looking for small red shorts.
They need ice.
July seven is the date today.
I want to sell five squash.
Talagang mahal ang biyahe.
I can help you.
I've seen that movie a dozen times so far.
I don't think that it's strange at all.
I'm already late.
The engine is noisy.
Alongungbaga, the drafting of the complete title of the winner is not appropriate between the general relations of the coherence, the most accurate title of the title and some fundamental statements of the term quantum.
I will believe you if you tell me this girl is an angel.
We went to the surgeon.
I found that restaurant by accident.
How much for flour?
The dog ran around and around the tree.
of his coming.
The moon moves around the earth.
You will cook rice.
My son takes thirteen medicines every evening.
You should not have joined.
I will drink many liquors.
4 tablespoon calamansi juice.
What time is check out?
Can I cook the beef stew?
how much do fifty mustard cost?
What did you bring?
I do not drink.
The moringga is black.
She came from a known college.
That third chair on the right is broken!
How many pieces of string beans?
I have so many friends.
Creating a sculpture can take a lot of time.
I couldn't see them.
Now I see it all!
how much do eight whale shark cost?
He memorized the notes of the teacher.
Their feet are stinky.
I find you unintelligible.
I'll wait until you finish the work.
You will cook chicken.
You finished college.
The soursop is appropriate.
She will often go shopping on holidays.
It's unusual for him to get up early.
Had you ever visited the US before 2006?
I like to buy eight small rambutans.
I've been on edge recently.
Can you cook the supper?
When will they return our exams?
Tom only eats white meat.
My uncle is looking for medium black pants.
I will drink coffee.
how much do two mango cost?
He has had a car accident.
The spirit bee is hungry.
The cupcake was eaten by you.
The jackfruit is yellow.
Some sharks retire.
I wish I could buy that guitar.
She is excited.
The night is bright but lonesome.
The chili is special.
He will sell his guitar on November 21.
I fixed the car yesterday.
We have no secrets from each other.
The cucumber is withered.
I wish you'd told me earlier.
Just as he was getting the hang of things, they changed all the rules.
Use one fourth tablespoon of honey.
We'll work on this tomorrow.
You can fry the beef.
how much do eighteen tomato cost?
Today is December 8.
It's hot today.
The robot we designed has poor lateral movement.
We are a team because we respect, care, and trust each other.
However, no words of century-old wisdom leapt from the pages.
Tomorrow is Christmas.
The employee was a short and skinny man in his 30's.
He will eat tamarind to get strong.
Be careful of the rabid dog in the corner.
The library is here.
The weird bird returns home.
I like to buy nine small crabs.
The elephant's team lost.
I ate my orange.
Don't you ever shut up?
It looks like a skirt to most Westerners, but folds in one way for men and another for women.
Four hundred thousand pesos.
I thought about it.
It's going to be quite an adventure!
The old women in my building are generally traditionalist to a fault, believing that a man alone with a baby is an accident waiting to happen.
He will write the poem.
Do you have water?
The cow doesn't want to get married.
People twirl prayer wheels while engaging in mundane tasks.
That boy has no groupmates.
how much is four kilos of sugar apple?
Tom is the only one who has a camera.
I didn't see that movie yet.
Maybe we should play it safe.
She is on her way to United States to consult a doctor.
They visited him.
September 6 is Tuesday.
The snail thought tom was Mary's father.
Are you free next Monday?
He is looking after her.
Third Monday is on May 15.
He is joining you.
He said that the doctor came from France.
Rewrite it.
Tardigrades are animals that are round and killed by limbs.
squash is cheap.
I'm not going to tell you what to do.
Our teeth hurt.
This is my father.
The rice is blue.
How do you stop people from buying or selling.
I will graduate already.
The court got dirty.
Give the love you never received.
She will consult a doctor in Manila.
The puppies weren't lying.
We have earned enough money to send our child to college.
She eats vegetables.
What time does the train arrive?
Will they cook rice?
I have nothing to say.
We entered the clinic.
April five is the date today.
I got stabbed in the back.
He's eating lunch now.
I will give puto seko to my friends.
Tooth extraction is painful.
The swans run in floorball.
Some shrimps are too strong.
The wolf had to push my bicycle because the wolf had a flat tire.
Do not scream.
both strands contain the same census and antidepressants).
E.coli Richard Lenski examined that some strains of E. coli evolved a complex new ability to metabolize citrate after about ten thousand generations.
The cockroach finds another pirate.
The oat is thick.
The rooster must see her.
You can't make bricks without straw.
Our colors may be different but our world is one.
Is it open on Sunday?
How much for garlic chive?
The spider discovers another spirit.
He got up at eight in the morning.
How many pieces of barracuda?
The useless wings of non-flying beetles are closed under the joint cover of the wings.
how much do seven wax gourd cost?
how much does a billion pineapple cost?
Weire not rich in money.
how much is a kilo of durian?
My nephew is looking for large grey clothes.
The okra is green.
Is this fresh turnip?
We will drive Tom home.
I'd like to buy archer fish.
What time is it?
Do you have plans next week?
They joined her.
I am asking for your help.
The rabbit's brother is strong.
The town is famous for its old castle.
Many spiders enter the room.
The moths ambushed us.
Somehow we've forgotten to do that, isn't it?
I thought it would take longer.
Where is the pickled mango?
I will allot time.
The puppy's helmet has a cover.
I met Tom once before.
Wash hands after using the toilet.
September 7 is the day of his death.
I?╟╓d like to buy winged beans.
That first chair in the middle is broken.
Soon as I can get away i'm gonna buy ice cream.
I'd like to buy seaweed.
I want to show you the world.
I'll take him with me to the hospital.
Outside I'm smiling but in the inside I'm dying because of the pain you've cause me.
The mosquitoes do not have to come if they do not want to.
She is becoming healthy by eating jackfruit.
four winds.
My grandmother takes one medicine every evening.
The grape is bitter.
Balut with salt is tasty.
I have never stepped foot in art room.
Can i ask for a discount for the fringescale sardinella?
The rival carabao lost.
Can i ask for a discount for the tenderloin?
I'll call her immediately.
Remember that we promised this rascal.
I was dying inside to hold you.
Don't ever forget that.
This is empty.
Thirteen kilograms.
They fought last November 19 because of money.
I acted as a simultaneous interpreter.
I like to buy four small sugar apples.
Put your hands down.
He didn't mean to hit me.
We had a good frolic this morning out in the garden.
how much is nine kilos of bitter gourd?
Next time, I don't want to hear you talk.
He will write a book until October 19.
I want to go on a vacation next year in Niger.
Tired of injuries and in June, he is lying on some days with a stomach problem, headache and heart symptoms.
At 9:00 AM, there are eight underwear at the next post office.
Noon of October 6.
Who is your teacher?
My mother is looking for a medium black watch.
I forgot.
Is there any discount for the pigweed?
From where is this pickled mango?
Backward.
She became healthy by eating banana.
My sister is looking for a small cyan sweater.
I wish tomorrow will be November 25.
He will eat jackfruit to avoid sickness.
You will eat the vegetable.
how much do nine onion cost?
Will you buy my cupcakes?
I will lob you.
I sacrificed all just to make you happy.
The cockroach arrives at their destination.
are you selling papaya?
The oleander is hard.
You have drunk coffee already!
Scorpions have eight legs.
meat is cheap.
They cooked fish.
Can I do it?
Some sharks got injured.
Hope for the future, focus on the present.
The flies made spaghetti.
There are many animals to be found in the Philippines.
We just sold chocolates.
His patience is long.
You can cook lunch.
Can I cook rice?
There's still some room in the closet.
Rice is a widespread commodity in the Philippines.
I think we should go.
She helped her daughter get dressed.
The fifth seat is vacant.
Is that leftofer rice?
There is no discount for the round cabbage?
how much do three apple cost?
Make a name for yourself.
September 16 is Wednesday.
I wish winter vacation would never end.
That's 42 if I work all week.
News Anchor: Harvard doctor says that this.
Is it true that grandmother can drive?
Do not be noisy.
From 12:00 PM to 12:30 PM.
times they won't accept it because they.
how much is three kilos of sardines?
I'd like to buy annatto seed.
Is there any discount for the philippine lemon?
I was supposed to drink milk earlier!
I'm done now.
The monkey is in touch with him.
The villain beetle loves evil.
His family visited them.
I will cook chicken.
Don't forget to eat.
The eggplant is fresh.
Christmas week was a very busy one here, too.
We drank his shake.
Don't exaggerate.
That is educational.
guava makes you smarter.
You just sold buko pies.
The swans hate floorball.
I can't eat this much food.
I am traveling for leisure.
The cow leaves the palace.
We'll see to it later.
You are gone.
Why didn't you call me?
She will need to undergo operation on her spine.
The dog did laundry without soap.
Since it rained, I didn't go.
The chili is destroyed.
We have some cold days.
He sold the brownies.
The lions cannot believe the death of the lion.
You will learn that too.
Somebody took my paper again.
I have an exam to take because I was absent yesterday.
What does he need a distraction for?
We need a doctor.
She saw a tall man yesterday.
You must certainly be very hungry now.
I was making dinner when she arrived.
There is a very powerful spider.
Eight hundred ninety one people.
Some beetles have never been in a war.
Training for basketball in other schools began.
She took her blood pressure.
How much for moonfish?
The coach duck takes the other duck.
You don't want to be late.
The birds has friends.
The dog does not want me to go to school.
She looked for a specialist.
When will supper be ready?
He cooked supper.
Go home early.
Tom left earlier.
The cow wanders around.
I haven't met with Tom recently.
Are they arriving next Thursday?
Leave already.
He is spending his free time watching sad films on his smartphone.
How much is the water?
My uncle is looking for a small orange sweater.
We are only humans and we still have the right to be wrong sometimes.
From 7:00 PM to 2:00 PM.
We just watched the movie.
The black cat is a healthy cat.
You sing frequently.
Yesterday is October 11.
The mosquitoes escaped being punished.
The mung bean is ripe.
What've you been doing recently?
It can be difficult to improve teamwork in a startup business.
The taro is perfect.
February three is the date today.
He broke his neck.
The cabbage is red.
He lost his money last September 7.
We will buy breakfast.
Just listen for a moment, then I'm gone.
